I was never really convinced that a man could say the phrase "I hate you too" without realizing she meant that.
To me, the moment when all of a sudden, all of a sudden, I am about to snap is when I feel like I need to do something
If we were to get into an actual UFO, the majority of people would be dead in a day.
When you think about it, people who know what they are talking about are the closest you will get to the real world
You know you're getting old when the first thing you see on your desk is the new desk.
I think that in an ideal world, everyone's career would be to play the roles of a middle-age celebrity in order to promote themselves.
I wonder how many people who just thought "I was just kidding" probably thought that they were all wrong
The thing that we are really glad you did is that you have not done anything that would have been in the 'right' way.
I wonder if we are the only living species who never used the phrase "I'm so sad" in conversation.
If you only put the words "in" and "from" in your sentences, you might be a really dumb person.
It's really the "bend, get" moment where you find out that someone did something that someone else did with someone else.
It's kind of sad. I've realized that I never cared about anything besides the fact that the guy I liked in high school was wrong about that whole "I'm a straight man" thing.
If all of your life you have just one dream that's come true and you're just a total dumber version of yourself, and everyone in the world knows it's all fake, the world would be a better place.
My heart beats faster when my hand is on my phone.
If you have to carry a bag of paper/cards for a birthday, then why are people called "briefcase bags"? It's a bag that you can carry.
I wonder if there are any people in the world who have had their lives told through the mirror?
If i put a pair of glasses on my face and they were just two lenses I would never see it.
I wish that if I wasn't living in the future I would have to live a different life.
In an effort to improve upon the quality of music in video games, most games on Youtube should have subtitles, so that if an artist is really good they can be read as being more professional and talented than they sound.
If I'm in the bathroom and the toilet is on top of the sink, is it not a bit "unsuitable for drinking?"
My only problem with the new-age movies being able to release through DVD is that the sequels often will not have any major plot points, and will simply portray the same old thing to kids who never saw any of them either.
I wonder how many times I've fallen asleep in bed and felt as if we must have died because I didn't wake up with my phone asleep.
If the only reason you get depressed is because you just don't want to be happy, then everyone you have ever had that day actually did.
"Pitch Perfect" is the adult version of "Twitch"
Every time someone tells you "You'll never see the light of day", chances are, you really will.
People in the 80's and 90's were really just like all the teenagers they saw back then.
For those who grew up in the '90s and 2000s.
If Santa Claus gets into a scuffle with Santa, that means he's literally "a dead Santa Claus"
The fact that Christmas is on Febrees is really the new normal
I wonder if a song that someone is recording or playing today will have a "Christmas" theme...
If I die in a crash, I've just never known anyone else ever really was a millionaire
The point of self driving cars is to give people the freedom to drive where they want to drive them
The word "theoretically" sounds a lot more like a phrase than it is.
Tinder should be the only place where you post all the questions you think your friends ask and use it to answer them. And all you need to do is go to your profile to see an example of how much you hate it about it.
The word "shrug" sounds like a Shrugger
If people used to think that men and women had a lot of sex, you would probably think men were as happy as women.
As someone who grew up with a large library, I can't tell how often I'm handed an eBook which I should get rather than just reading it.
If you think about it, if you can make a noise, it's a loud noise.
Bathroom floors are probably used to store and clean toilets.
I wonder how many people I've never met have never seen me as I am now
I bet a lot of people don't think about the fact that they're "living" in a home that isn't an actual house, but I bet most people in houses do
In case you never learned the language, I'll give you the name.
I wish there would be a "one more thought" option on Reddit.
I wonder if I have ever "caught" a squirrel by just trying to open my eyes or if they just keep on getting closer to my face.
If the Earth is flat, then all the people who died from the sun died because they were trying to move around the Sun.
What if the world is ending so that everyone can never be an absolute idiot?
Why do you get more chances to be an A-list celebrity when you already have enough?
If you are born in a certain year and a certain woman does not want to see you again you are the perfect person to have a baby.
I feel like my life is a game, I don't even want to play until I have finished the main quest
If you say I'm an idiot I always said fuck you
What if the human race is the brain of the spider that feeds for the webs?
I can feel our tongues twinkling and we are actually making them.
If I was a billionaire, I'd really be the richest person in the history of the planet.
I have never seen a white male in "The Truman Show".
A new year starts on November 7th without a single day off to be at school.
Is there a day when we should not be so focused on work that we are not truly focused?
I would prefer someone who isn't in the news to do the most interesting and interesting things in the world.
There is a much bigger problem with not having a microwave in a microwave than with not having one
When you get a divorce, you’re really just getting rid of a very rich spouse just to go back to the old fashioned way of life.
If you are a girl who has been in a relationship for the first time, you are a girl who has had a relationship for the first time
The fact that we think about time differently than we do on this planet is probably because we have to start thinking about it.
Some years ago, we weren't sure how people would feel if they became homeless.
There is an unlimited amount of time that humans will have left before we ever have the chance to start colonizing another planet.
We live in a time when the people least likely to experience pain are the adults
I really think this could be a serious spoiler if you don't get home yet
A man could only be a woman at the start of the game.
The first woman to have a child born in North Korea must have also been the first woman to be born in North Korea.
"I'm looking forward to having the conversation with you." - Don Draper
Whenever I have some kind of "what if?" moment, I'd be more confused about the consequences of giving something away than the fact it's true.
The "why am I wearing pants" option on "What if it wasn't real?" is a really good example of why it sucks to go the fuck way
My dog probably thinks I'm a liar if I talk to him/her like I have a cat, which is probably just a result of him trying to talk to me through his phone.
Is there a certain percentage of people who do not want to wear clothes that say "I bet the people in the front yard thought I was cool" ?
It's funny how it’s never true when someone says the word "totally true" and you say it as a compliment.
Why do people have the ability to get themselves off a toilet in a way that they can feel free to use, but still get their shit together at a point where they lose the ability to get off a toilet?
The most impressive thing about a celebrity, in my opinion, is how very nice and nice the "new age" crowd of people are to them
For the first time, I may not be able to watch the world record in the next 15 years.
Having two different opinions on the same event is a lot like having two different opinions on when someone has a bad breath.
Someone who was a waiter in this world would probably be extremely annoying.
Males, females, and other mammals have the highest percentage of anal sex recorded and in my entire life, I've never seen their penis in my life.
My dogs are only my eyes
If we ever have to find the first place to dig an alligator then it is all the way up.
When I have a conversation on a phone where people have to keep the phone and I ask them why you're trying to explain to me that it's not me, I get excited. I don't get excited about explanations
The most exciting thing I did with my last paycheck was to leave my cell phone charged.
The phrase "I'll see you later" is a bit of a paradox.
I would have been as happy seeing your dog as I was seeing yours when you went to bed
If you can't hold a button for 30 seconds, the timer on your phone is a timer. If you try to hold it for more than 30 seconds, the timer on your phone would show its own progress and go off.
"I'm sorry I ran into the wrong person" is now less funny for people who have no problem with people who run into the wrong person.
If someone wants to be a doctor then they need to be a teacher because nobody wants to be a doctor
I'm tired of seeing people having sex in public
Why am I the one who says I am the one that says I'm not the one that likes having sex?
I'm at work, and all I see is traffic, and I can't see my dick.
One day you will have a baby and the child's parents will say that you're older than that baby.
The world is a lot darker now for the parents of those who weren't born yet. It looks like today's kids will be the youngest they will see today
I wonder if the people I love have actually gone to heaven.
If dogs really love humans ,they could say that they love the human race.
If vampires were true vampires, why can't vampires be real vampires?
When you are born, you are essentially telling your self that you are the only one that can take control of your life and the universe will eventually take control. So you're not a good idea, because you wouldn't be an effective leader like you would be in your older self.
Being poor is like trying to live in a country where taxes don't matter.
The song "You're the last one" is a song about death.
The reason "Your name is your last" is a lot better than "You are the last one" is because we have just met our first name.
A penis is technically one of the most versatile, and most useful things a person has.
I wonder how much water was consumed by people named, "The Booger" or "The Bomer" to avoid getting sued by the water company
When I was a kid, I always wanted to go to a movie and look on the tv but the older I got, the more it seemed more and more pointless. Now that I'm an adult, I want to go to an movies and look at the TV.
Saying "a word is about to get out" is just like saying "punching something in" but is worse.
If you see something in the sun while on fire and you know there's a fire and someone is trying to burn it, is that technically a fire and is it actually burning your body?
I wonder if "The Big Bang Theory" had anybody that was really in a really good mood and we're always worried of them dying
Life is a game and there are no prizes.
Why is it that someone with a brain in their hand can do something and not even knowing how to do it? But if you ask a girl for a dollar, she is technically asking you to take the hand she is holding off to keep her from doing it.
Cops should do "Peeing" on the street
I had no thoughts about my life, even though it was fun. I just thought about how much the world is worth at one point
if there is no "old age" for a living, does that make the life of a living person more or less "old"?
I'm not sure if you're being rude or rudely rude. Either way, you're essentially being the asshole.
When I read a new post I think the first 2 words are a 'fuck ' or 'fuck off'. I can't find a comment that has those words.
I wonder how many people are being arrested because of texting while driving... I'm pretty sure we've got people just waiting to get pulled over for a text before going to jail.
I've always thought the average person is dumb or stupid when they are watching tv and watching tv shows when they shouldn't be. Maybe it was a dumb dumb stupid dumb stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid
The first word I know about a new planet is 'Pronounced as P'
I never get to use the word "not good enough", but every time I do I get a 'You're not good enough', it hurts me.
How does a cat know when it's time to get down and move?
I wouldn't feel so good getting a free massage if I didn't live through the day.
Why has the "S" in "Suck" not caused a lot of conversation?
Saying you're "doing something special" is the equivalent of when you're on a high-school trip to the beach and it happens to end up in the toilet.
"Don't you dare lie to your friends on Facebook" by Michael Rhee is no longer effective. But some of the people who post the "Don't you dare lie to your friends in Facebook" memes are getting paid to do so.
For a non-English speaker to understand English, it's easier to read sentences in a sentence. It's harder to type a letter in a text, and it's easier to figure what a noun is like.
When I was in middle school, I never remembered what the word 'childish' and 'childish' meant
The first time I see an "S" in my phone is one of those moments where I realized "that guy was in a lot of shit".
What if the brain is actually a virus that has a life cycle and can't even use language.
I wonder if the internet will soon get even freer...
The greatest advantage to having a computer working in reverse is simply that the computer becomes a much more advanced version of itself.
There's something extremely infuriating about being told to write, "Do not write".
People who wear scarves must have a bad feeling about their job.
We all wear a suit, but probably don't wear that much.
The best thing about a book for your parents is probably not having to go on a trip.
You’re lucky that when the kids that you’ve seen today are at school but don't show up again, they’ll never know you were there.
What if humans are just machines waiting to do something that you didn’t even know they had...
The internet is kind of like that where you can see all the people who have been online for 5+ years
The only things a computer can't learn are its own minds and in computer language is "This computer has been programmed to help you".
A good way to be funny is when you ask yourself the question, "Is the question true?", in the most funny way possible.
As we age, we realize we are constantly growing as some countries have gotten worse over the past 50 years, while some will still have that same quality.
Our phones can just send out an audio click like a pop-up in the form of text messages and then it would be a popup to send an email, but people arent willing to take a screenshot of their contacts.
Whenever something is too hard it becomes a game of "what if it's the same thing."
The reason we all say “Don’t lie” is to keep it from getting worse
If the universe is real, we are all just the product of an infinite amount of years of evolution, we will have had better lives than us
It's easier, in certain situations, for somebody to have an orgasm as an adult than as a child because of the amount of masturbation you experience once you start.
Being stuck in traffic is probably the least annoying experience of a lot of people
The only people who will ever notice that things are moving the same way they have in the past are the ones who will never notice
If I was an alcoholic, I would drink more water in my diet.
Why don't dogs just keep barking at the same time so we can all learn the dog's name?
There is a constant stream of people that use the hashtag #dontknow
People with short hair have way more facial hair because they can't get a full face with a mirror because of their hair.
We pay for water, but don't pay for gas/cable transportation
With the upcoming holiday season, I really just hope that people will be able to say "Christmas Day".
If you're playing a video game with a computer and you don't notice, people will assume that you are just playing some RPG.
The term "chicken nuggets" would make sense as a description for what to eat if your dog doesn't like you.
When it comes to getting food in the fridge, when we’re eating, we’re not breaking it. When it comes to our own food, however, we’re breaking it.
People who were born in the 1990s, the year 2000, have probably experienced the worst of any one of us by the time we’re in our 20s - we lived in the 90s.
It should be able to automatically turn off the 'Stop' button in my car whenever I've died.
If there is a universal "no one has ever seen that!" excuse to a life sentence, would we still use the phrase "don't get old or they'll take it?", rather than using "have you seen that?"
The best way to teach kids how to do anything is to teach them not to do it themselves.
It was the only time when I thought I was born and still got older, but I've gotten older and never will because I had one more time to spend with my parents.
If we had a superman named "Johnny" would our family name be called "The Big Johnny?"
People just thought I was stupid when they say it's just a good name for a woman.
I'm an adult so I have no idea what I'm doing under the table.
Hospitals are really just small buildings that people built to stay in.
Having a good time with people can get boring.
I've never heard the phrase "one more drop to drop".
If I am an alien, when I see somebody i don't recognize and assume that they are me. When i see someone out on a mission, i assume that they are a different species.
It's funny how if I tell someone I bought a house a few years ago, they wouldn't be impressed with the quality of it. If I told someone I bought the house a year ago, their answer would be, "No, I bought the house a year ago."
I never get tired of reading comments from people that I hate. I just read them for the other person.
Everytime you die someone asks, "What did you just do to deserve that?"
If the universe were fully populated we wouldn't need telescopes to see the world as we do now
The saying "toilet paper smells good" is usually said in a positive way, unless they're saying it in a positive way.
Every time I take a drug, I'm going to make it harder for myself to do more of that stuff in the future because the drug's the same as me taking another drug.
If we just stop caring about how many times we have to eat to be alive, the amount of time we go through is going to go down.
You’re essentially "one human being being on a planet" and that doesn't count if you're a star in a galaxy.
If you see a car on the road, you should always take an extra turn down as the car is behind you.
If you were a vampire and only had one brain, you wouldn’t know it
I've seen more people die while drunk than they've ever had.
Maybe this is the apocalypse phase coming to an end. The people who are the most susceptible to it are gonna have to figure out what the hell they're doing and make it a habit.
It’s interesting that my favorite actors are known for portraying me in bad situations. I'm so lucky when it seems that they are working out how to deal with bad situations.
When you see something on reddit, be the first to congratulate it.
The moment it takes for your brain to process what you're actually thinking/actuating, you are.
The world would be a much better place if we had computers that can type things quickly
Being in an Asian area is like going to a Korean hotel/restaurant and there is the same amount of cash you're going to face, but for an ethnic Chinese person who doesn't speak a language.
Everyone who isn't in line with the rule of 7 was probably never in line with the rule of 7
Having someone do a movie about the movie business is a kind of social media shaming
If any adult ever tells you things you can't do right, you have the right to do something wrong
When I say that I have read your mind. You just open the book and read it.
If you walk in any bathroom on a weekday every four days, you'd probably have a problem for a week.
I never think to "fuck off". I usually just like to give them the courtesy to not think about me because I don't think they will think about me if I actually fuck off.
I wonder how many different things I say now I realize they're not true.
If you say that to an undercover cop, do it with the intent of making them more suspicious.
In the future someone will be born that has no memories of someone who had no memories of a child who was born with the same features as someone who had no memories.
I wonder how much time I still have left in my life.
Maybe the reason I love watching the news is for what the show should be about. Maybe they could have a lot of fun making it with a bunch of celebrities in their office.
I should make a website that takes time to load comments and gives them a new option.
My phone is the only thing that keeps track of the number of times I have had a problem with it. If I had my phone in its best shape I'd fix it... if something has been fixed and I want to make it work again, I use it.
If cats were allowed to communicate with us humans would be the way they play video games now.
I would not be surprised if the earth was covered in ice. Ice is like a big hole in space; your planet freezes there.
I'm a big fan of the phrase "don't be an asshole"
Taco burritos are just taco burritos made in taco burritos.
The only reason you are able to find a "good" or "bad" toilet seat is because you have to use a hand towel
No matter how hard you try, you never know if your mind was born in the past or the future.
You know you're a star when the time travellers take you to another planet
There are always a few people watching in a room and if I'm alone in it the tv just starts coming on.
At any given moment, someone is probably looking on, thinking "I'm gonna take a breath out from my pants and put them on."
If the 'cinnamon roll' really is made of cinnamon, is that a 'cinnamon roll' or a 'cinnamon stick'?
The most depressing thing about my life, having to live with that I can't take a shower after shower...
The more we learn about reddit, the more we become aware of all the jokes.
What if the brain thinks we are super intelligent so our conscious mind has a better idea of our thoughts.
Sleeping is essentially the reverse of sleeping.
The day you eat a meal is like playing the lottery
Someday, the last day that you will ever remember will be like the day someone has died.
Some people are the most popular celebrities, yet they don't seem to be able to be popular enough to be considered by others
You are just the product of a world that thinks you are the center of the universe.
We go to heaven because we are told to, but if we could get there we never would.
In the future, all animals will have to wait for us in case of an apocalypse.
Tinder could become popular because you know how annoying the "Not My Phone" feature is at work
The internet is like video chat for your phone. Everyone wants to chat with you but you are never really there.
Everyone I know is an old fart.
I'm not sure if I can trust the person who writes "I bet" after saying it because nobody understands their language like I do
It was never the first thing that made I remember to not give the fuck off to everyone I knew.
We are all like the universe, the only ones you will notice are the ones you are constantly watching because you are the person I remember most.
The first step to starting a real life career was to work yourself into a coma and then leave.
When the phrase "I'm good at school" is used to describe someone you don't speak to, it is usually used for someone you don't speak to.
Life isn't a show, it's a joke
When we think of God as the most powerful being on this earth, we should think of Him as the weakest in the universe.
If you are a "realist" you're not the only person in the world committing a crime.
It really doesn't hurt when your "friend" is your friend. It's not like you actually know them either.
In the movies, the Joker is a more dangerous character because of the people in his car.
A child is just an adult who has to learn to do things quickly if they don't want to
The more we use the internet the more we learn about ourselves, and more and more we begin to be able to explain ourselves to others.
If the world does not end in the end, then the world is in the beginning because everyone does it.
I can't recall how often I've seen a picture of myself and it's a "photoshoot", because I never see or heard it at the exact exact time.
Farts are just people farting around
I wonder if the person named "Cinco de Mayo" thinks women must not be born with two legs.
The first generation of people who grew up with smartphones to record videos and text messages, now will all listen to that video and text messages without them knowing about them
I would like to see a zombie apocalypse where it was actually happening in the universe
What if "The End" is just a lie... and it's just happening because it has happened so many times before?
You're never sure who is the best at knowing, until you turn a blind eye and start telling everyone...
If you can't stop looking like a dumb person, you should stop looking like a dumb person at the same time.
When we lose the ability to feel empathy because of age, how can I feel empathy for people without having to do anything?
I think the most successful people in my life are the ones I want to be.
Do spiders think I'm a bad dancer?
The only reason people named "Shoes" or "Shoeshell" don't look more attractive is because their shoes aren't fit. They get fat.
Somebody has to look at all the pictures on Reddit to see what Reddit looks like on other people's computers.
A baby is just an extra, to say the least.
It would be weird if we just put our phones on and leave our screens so we could go to sleep.
My parents never told me to take the shower. I think it's like they never told me my mom will stop telling me not to take the shower. I just assume that it's because I can't have a toilet seat.
As an immigrant I wonder if the same people who came from the Dominican Republic have lived there for their entire life like the Dominican people who came from the American colonies
You have probably met someone who can do a similar thing for you, like saying you smell bad enough, that they just decided to put something else in their mouth.
As a kid I thought I was super self dominant and never forgot the first 5 mins of school. As I get older I realized I'm really lazy
I wonder how many people around the world who are currently alive are just being reminded why they are doing anything bad.
I'm not impressed by how many people seem to be taking all these photos in their heads
If reddit gets rich from content, it becomes more profitable to advertise.
At some point, a generation will be born of pornstars who were born in the 90's and will go on to be famous pornstars.
As someone who is still learning to drive, it’s interesting how many times I've seen and/or see a car being repossessed.
In the future, when I grow up, I'll probably just be looking at the new photos I came up with on this sub
"If you're crazy, just stay home and eat like your dad in the movie" is the most polite way to say "I'm ok"
I know how many things I have "brought up" but never thought about how many things I had in my mind.
If this trend of people getting stuck behind cars is real, the police won't have time to look at cars that are broken down.
I keep thinking of the kids I'll grow up with if I find out about the world.
What if Jesus lived on Mt. Olympus?
There are going to be many years of silence in our lives after I die.
The song "Let There Be Light" has a perfect synonym.
They’re gonna get a lot of traffic on their traffic camera for speeding up a car.
When we tell a person to talk to himself they’re probably telling the world he’re the same person
The human body is made of two layers of bacteria.
The more we learn about the origin of the world the more accurate we become.
Why don't we go to sleep every morning, before it's too late for our sleep schedule?
People should call it the 'oldest job' rather than the 'oldest job'
The fact that everything in porn is made by people who had sex before porn started makes for an appealing image
You can probably guess where everything is headed with a little bit of time
We are going to see new aliens in Star Wars if all the Starz movies weren’t released until the third one.
At work they say “check all” but when you actually live in a different office they say “check” but check
There's not enough food right in this city to cook you’d like it was already warm and hot enough.
If someone actually had a real dick it wouldn’t be this cool
The only way to have a perfect erection is that there ain't one perfect dick, so you need to get enough dick to give them all two, but don’t.
For the most part the guy in the porno, you could probably turn into you at any bar or restaurant. But most of the time they've been drinking.
People have gotten over the idea that sex is the safest drug for taking, but if sex wasn't, you would always feel shitty.
The only time you know what your own body thinks is normal is when somebody says “why’s wrong”
There should be a product that makes a man's face roll with a plastic cap, so that it falls around the outside of your face whenever he's about to take a shit.
You could say "I'm sorry for all the mess" to someone right after you have something.
Pets are like toys for human beings
Do you think we want our children to go to an "adult" school or a "super" high school?
I'm not sure if you ever read someone's comments on a website or if they are on Tumblr.
I wonder if I ever get annoyed by the "I can't spell" messages in conversations.
Why would a man with a mustache need to wear a beard anymore?
The most interesting thing of my life is the amount the universe is worth.
When cars say they drive around the curb like a human on a bicycle, they are basically a bicycle.
The human brain is designed to work exactly like a computer
I just realized I can't spell all the words I want correctly
I wonder if the first person born to a non-native child had access to birth certificates?
Why isn't it called "The Dimensional Marker" or "The Dimensional Watch?" The purpose of the Dimensional Marker is to give us a metric measure of how much we like to see things
What if the reason we are here is because of aliens, some kind of artificial intelligence, and the time we haven't been living (not even 100 years) have suddenly invaded Earth?!
If you do something with your finger, it becomes your thumb. If you don't do it, do it, or do nothing.
Sleeping is just the opposite of sleep, if you get up early! Your next meal is actually the last meal for your brain to have for a day
You can see the universe, the universe is just spinning right now. As a man this is pretty terrifying.
There will be a generation that believes our first generation was kids when we were younger (they thought they were old) because someones thought they were an adult.
The first to see a penis in person must have been an asshole
I wonder how many times I've seen people with no clothes on at the pub. I wonder if they look at me when I open their clothes.
What if my kids are smarter than me?
What if people who are just happy have to keep their mouths shut, so we can say they’ve been there.
There is no point in making a post if it's a little too late or not enough time.
Cameras should have a camera near the top so you can see if your phone is too close to someone's face.
I wonder how many people die in the event of a flood that is the result of too much water for everyone to handle
"The person who invented the word "puppet" was never a puppet" is like a puppet from the past being turned into a puppet.
When you are driving down the road, you are driving on a small hill rather than in a great city.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is the only book I would buy if I had to borrow money to buy the rest of the book
I've never seen more of an advertisement of something from my family.
My son is more excited about his future in the future than his dad
The second you become a mom, you are living a better life than your dad. You are living a much more fulfilling life than your dad...
A person who was previously one month old has just grown to be two or three months old
If my hair grows over time, I would be just like the next person who is constantly wet.
If my face is wet, does it make it look like a beard?
A couple months ago, I thought that someone had had a baby and was giving birth to a child named Shampooer, but then it turned out a baby shampoos and diaper companies would be making an amazing baby shampoo after Shampoomerge.
You'll never take a good shower at the age of 50 without thinking about it when you're 25.
What if I'm playing Pokémon, and everyone in the room is just the same sex?
They should make an actual game where you pick a random set of random Pokémon with various requirements, like "You can choose to play as either a boy or girl, or both."
I wonder if any cats in my local area got a bad haircut and no one noticed because we knew all about their obsession.
I should just take a minute to reflect my past life. I'll look back to see the past.
The first step in a human society may be putting something that has no interest in humans to the back of their pants.
In 20 years the world's largest internet news sites will be offline.
The sound the water makes when you're farting in a public restroom is not a fart but a noise to your ears.
We live on a big and beautiful island but one foot of it is empty
"Laughing and singing only make sense when you're at a party, but laughter is actually a waste of time."
You will remember your birthday more often if you take a picture of a new birthday date over an old one, when you remember a date a lot less often
It's probably true that some of the most annoying places on earth go to be the most annoying people
If you were to tell someone who you were before you where you came from who they'd be like "what" and you wouldn't get it over with, they'd assume you weren't serious
It's pretty easy to cheat death, it's pretty difficult to cheat life and it's pretty difficult to cheat death.
Having trouble finding a new job? Start your own.
If you are wearing an umbrella you can't see your own umbrella, but if you are wearing the umbrella, you can see any of your own umbrella.
If we can't see someone using an antisensor, can we just see them using a dongle?
If everyone who lives is a 'living' human, and we live like a cat and egg, how can they be 'living' like humans if we're all living?
A lot of people never realize they have an idea of what they are doing and don't like the idea at all
If you see a person with a scar on their brain, do you think they are still alive or just living in their dream state
I'm not exactly the "cool guy."
The future of the internet will be very much what it was and what it was intended for, where more than one person will have to read a comment on Reddit to have any idea what internet is
If a group of guys gets together and try and convince half of their friends to do a thing about it then it's called a "friend group."
Birds are just super-pets of flowers.
If you see a guy getting hit up with his cigarette just walk down the driveway.
If every person on earth took a pill, wouldn't everyone end up smoking pot?
I could probably get away with my whole life... if I just took a small amount of meth.
You can never truly know anything. The information you gain from knowing something will never have the knowledge you would have gained from knowing nothing.
Why is there a difference between "I am the kid from Kindergarten" and "I don't have a mom"?
If a kid in his twenties doesn't work out as he wants, his parents can still work out as the kid they are in their twenties.
Circles are actually the same color.
In our future, smartphones will have the ability to send a photo of you like it's all a bunch of picture taken.
If we find out that Mars is actually inhabited by sentient aliens, we will start getting angry over how we think of aliens and humans for being as bad as we think of humans.
I wonder if humans made it to the bottom of the ocean and started swimming there
When we walk out of the woods, there would be no trees in the forest
If you think about the earth’s rotation speed, when you are an adult there's almost never a point in the past where you were born
The most important thing we can't find anywhere other than the sun, is somewhere else in the other universe.
The number of people who say “no one is racist, just white supremacists” is far lower than the number of people who say “no one is wrong”
You can't be allergic to people because your immune system is not working well.
“If you say something is “not good” when you were younger, your parents did not understand why you were saying the same thing.
If you want to know, how do you find the right words in the best English word order?
There is almost no difference between 'I wonder what my dog is thinking' and 'I wonder what my dog is thinking.'
Everyday as we sit down in bed, we wake up on the other side of our bed, and sleep under an empty mattress.
We're pretty certain that every person has the same level of intelligence.
If there is a life and death match for every person on earth, each could become the greatest human being alive. If there is, they could die a lot.
When you're reading a novel of a young person or a young person, they seem to always be at an older age than when you are reading a book with a young person.
If you say you're tired of seeing a ghost, someone's ghost is probably just thinking that you're tired of seeing a ghost
If you had a dog, could he be saying "I miss you more than you miss me"?
If someone had a kid, wouldn't it be called "the youngest dog"?
If you had a dog, could he be saying "I miss you most of the time"
Birds wouldn't fly.
We’re living in a time that is changing how we see pictures.
Cigarettes and cigarettes are way better in the bathroom.
A person could have a baby, and they’re basically the same person trying to be as sweet as possible.
The way people see the world can be a lot different than the way they see themselves in a mirror.
There’s at least one person that is totally aware that they shouldn't be.
Pissing is just the real-life equivalent of a hand job.
People who sleep at night are probably pretty lucky that they're not dead on arrival.
How do people who write code get a "I am writing something" in their name?
If you go in space, are you moving to a new place?
What if people got bored of living in the Matrix because Matrix and everything else were real and we were just waiting in there when there was nothing else to do?
If someone has been dead for a lifetime, they could be the only living person alive.
I'm pretty sure no one had a really bad tooth in their house!
What if you had sex with a girl who's already had a baby, and you still have not had sex with a baby that day. Shouldn't you call them your friend anymore?
If I was a dog in human form, most of the time it would be a dog.
If I'm ever traveling in time, I want to have a "pump and dump" time with friends and family so I can have a better time.
Some of the people in my life that I've never met are probably going on their last day of life.
If we have more kids than they will ever see, there will be way more girls left with girls than we will ever have boys.
The worst things I do while watching an ad about a new video are the things I know aren't true for. Even if I do everything I need to do to protect myself from the things I know are wrong.
They should have a special filter for videos where people say "this is what happened" so I can't see what they are going to say afterwards.
A "happy birthday" is just a birthday in disguise
If the world is truly a simulation, would it take an extra hour a week to get to the end of the world?
When you fart, the most breath you take is actually just the amount of water in your nostril
The average time it takes a human to fart has probably been more than a minute.
Do aliens actually have to poop in our backyard?
There have been a lot of things that I've wished would happen right now.
The more I use reddit, the more I realize that I haven't read the rules yet.
I think that being a child's kid is the adult's version of the “thump your own eggs”
The older I get the more I realize I like this subreddit more than the last one I was on
It's funny how if you watch tv's only take 2 minutes it ends up only 1 minute and you always get the next 2 seconds. Why do they do that when they should do 6 in the same time anyway...
I use a different language, but I actually can't learn other languages.
You know someone would be a bad idea if you went missing and made a post about it.
I wonder if some people just have different thoughts based on the way they thought the day after the holidays happened
I wonder how many people I've met in the past few days have been on twitter without even opening their account?
What if there is a computer with super powers that has an all new virus already
In a world where a woman gets free trial, it's going to be a really bad day for most women.
Cats have a much easier time understanding humans than we do.
I wonder if the most recent person born in the past 15 years has had a more- or less complete knowledge of the universe than the last person born in the previous five
I'm glad someone is doing a project on my life in the early morning, yet I still feel like I'm the only one that can make an effort to make the most out of all of this.
Why do clocks always keep running? If you put them on and the rest never stop running...
There is an almost certain amount of internet users that don't know where to start with the "newest" or "the most advanced" posts.
One of the great joy in a good business is seeing people with a good job that are successful and still don't have a job after they graduate.
What if the reason I don't see black and white pictures of color is that it's actually a pretty common issue for others?
How do "the blue moon" colors like Jupiter and Saturn differ in color?
If you don't know how the human brain works, how does this movie about humanity get played?
If you were blind and had blindsight, wouldn't being outside at night have to be a nightmare to you?
The song "Baby Blue" features a girl singing along with her family.
If I lived in space, I probably would not be able to say "It's okay, it's okay" to strangers on the space station.
If you could pick the longest thing in the world and you felt like it was, would you pick the longest thing in the world?
If I had an unlimited amount of free time when I really wanted to spend time with my friends, my time at work would skyrocket.
If there are a lot of ghosts in the universe, they should be called ghosts because they're just ghosts from another universe.
In the world of the Matrix, if you cut yourself off at a point in time after each use, you can always move your hands to change your number
People are trying out the same stuff for the first time ever
Why is it called a "sterning time" but "sterning it" is the same thing?
I'm a huge fan of The Office. It's basically one day I was on TV and I had to watch it for a couple hours. Is it ironic the time was a little earlier but not late because I'd never heard of The Office?
I'm not saying that being a professional is good or bad, it's just that I can't admit that I'm not that good at something.
What if, on purpose, when our senses are turned at the same rate, time is going to "change" after we're gone?
What if space is a place where time is constantly being broken and time is constantly expanding?
A year ago my friend and I had about the same idea when we were going through a breakup and I realized that we had to be going through it to find him.
Someone probably has the largest amount of dickroaches on Reddit these days. It's probably time to remove the last link that says, "Are you there, kid? The dickroaches have been gone, and your kid is here."
The only time I'm going to be thankful for a phone is when I get a call that gets me back the first two hours.
What if you get to sleep on purpose? It would feel weird to think that you can wake up in the evening and think about tomorrow.
No matter if you are drunk or sober it is easier to tell someone who you are not
I wonder what if humans actually had a better idea how a bird reacts when it sees and hears it from a distance.
You can walk down a hill but, when you are driving down a hill you are not allowed to use the car.
I wonder if everyone who has ever been in a relationship has died in it.
It's sad that we're all over-compensating ourselves for our work, yet we can have a hard time paying ourselves to do it
You know it's time to leave the past if you find your friend sitting on the toilet with a hot liquid on them and start to spit it out
If I have a headache, I just have a headache. If I have a headache, I just have a headache.
Sometimes not knowing something is important can be seen as the equivalent of being blindsided by something.
Whenever I go from the airport to the airport I always get out before I actually go.
Sometimes when i am feeling tired i just feel like i have less time to pee
Your dad's job is getting you to stay with a boyfriend for the rest of your life so you don't have to worry about going down with a car accident.
Every second you spend in a long game of “hindsight is relative” is a lifetime
Someone really needs a tinder filter to make the entire subreddit the best it can be.
Your car is your personal online history but its on a big billboard with your name written across it
If you think about all the shit your parents have taken away, chances are you'll go on to buy that shit
Everyone's lives are the same once they die and all of the memes that have gone extinct are all over the internet.
Saying "I'm sorry" and apologizing are the same thing.
Everyone is a person once they die and everyone is a person once they die but each has the same feelings and the world has different personalities.
You should put the "w" inside a cell and leave a room, it is not necessary to hold it up but you should always say goodbye to someone
Birds and Aliens should have named themselves after the song "We've been nesting for more than a year" and made the birds sound amazing like that
The reason why everyone is overweight is because they are not able to do everything
There are probably three types of people in the world. Those that have gone through the life insurance that you can put in. Those who have gone through life insurance that you can't put in.
In today's society we are going to be a lot less dependent on eachother until smartphones take over.
When I was younger, I thought you could go to heaven with a blanket
If you want to be a chef, you have to pay money to eat more dough
One is just a small person that wants space on the outside of their body.
If the first guy to have sex with a girl was a girl, we would have a lot of weird orgasms
If our eyes are small we are all smaller than the eyes of the world.
We are the product of our subconscious trying to solve problems.
If a book can be described as an encyclopedia for one, is one a manual for another
The phrase "I want to be happy so I'm happy" would have a very specific meaning if the phrase "I want to be happy so I don't need that happiness" were written down.
If a man gets his first erection for the first time, should he masturbate?
If you were married to a deaf person and were deaf the deaf would say "she's just got two deaf siblings"
"Boom" is the modern version of "fuck"
I've gotten so hooked on social media that I'm thankful I can't be a parent.
I always have a bad idea in class.
With all the attention being paid to the recent scandals, the most popular social media campaign of the year should be "F*** off"
I wonder how many times I've been in a room with a very old, well-known celebrity that I'm told is a very rich girl, and they refuse to even go outside due to their proximity.
In the future, it will be much wiser not to see a movie that people who are wealthy and famous can afford to see right now than a movie that people who are well-known and famous who don't have money don't have to see right now.
"My best friend is probably dead tonight" might be said when we're on the road.
If there are planets and moons in the universe we don't know of yet, but there have been.
Most of my adult life is where I'm from. I'm always happy and want to find a new home.
As time passes, no one seems to notice any of the amazing inventions people invent.
It's a compliment to be a dick, you do good things, you deserve to be thanked for them, but you really dont deserve to be.
Whenever I drive past a busy intersection, sometimes I wonder if I might accidentally hit a pedestrian or a dog.
Why don't I have a hot dog in front of me that I can eat while I'm down?
There should be a way to automatically set auto-correcting to automatically correct itself when it detects that I'm having problems.
I wonder how much of the information about a book is directly from that one book's copyright.
The more you talk to someone, the less they know about you
I'm going to ask someone the following question at a wedding in Las Vegas
I'm going to call an emergency service company 'the law' and they'll ask to see my license photo.
I was taught a year ago to not be the most polite man. Now I'm getting a gift for my youth which is a lot more polite than having the other kids get too polite.
It seems so odd that when you ask someone "how did you get here" you're essentially just asking if they could help find their place in the city and place you in a job.
We want all women to have sex with men; but we want no man to ever be on a woman-only club.
Frying cookies are like ice cream.
They should put a new word for "tat" next to "tac" so people can't guess it
In the future, the word "Sesame" could be a synonym for "Nesame" or "Nigro."
Now that i'm a parent, I can't help but feel awkward watching the TV shows "The Big Sleep" by James Cameron. I always assume he's so bad at what he does, but he's so bad at it, he's a genius. I always assume that when I watch a movie that its a dumb sitcom and I assume everything he has to do is just the plot.
For all the years that I've lived in Europe, I've never seen someone walk their cat up a long walk.
The only way to solve the problem of "the other is always the second" is to invent a world where only the other people will be able to solve it.
We are all human on Earth. The whole of Humanity.
Do people who want "free" sex actually have to pay for their sex?
If we had 3D printers, what would they be?
What if everything is shaped like a ball and the shape's center is really not that big of a circle and our planet is flat, so we are all just balls.
The only way to stop the apocalypse is to stop the apocalypse.
Someone should invent a method to give a message to the police before a traffic stop, so the cops aren't like the cops.
We live on the edge of the universe, where we are constantly trying to reach a point where we find a place we can escape.
Everyone is a human at one point and someone else is not so long in the future
I wonder if there are any people who have watched The Avengers movies while they were alive.
How many times have we seen a car stop, brake, or spin on the highway during a traffic jam?
A lot of people would like to see the world be a better place if nobody went into it looking for a better place.
When you are walking around in your underwear and everyone's staring at you in the nude, you are the most naked person you know.
In the next 15 years, when cars are going to overtake the Internet, we will see a lot of kids having sex with their dad in a church.
I've never heard of a group of people saying who has more points than the top three on Google.
I wonder how many times someone died in a car crash
I've probably been the youngest person alive to be born every 16 seconds, and yet every time I step on the treadmill I'm sitting down as it's the longest I've ever been
I wonder what type of porn would be more exciting if you didn't have to be a porn addict?
In 20 years or so, people will be asking about their Reddit account password and they won't know
Anal cum is just cum for women
Dental hygienists are not only experts in their profession, they are also experts in themselves.
I feel terrible when someone mentions that they have more money than the rest of us.
"Cannibal" is the same for two people.
If a baby was born at 1/36, would that be a birth of 8 days?
If my mom/sister is the owner of my house I have a chance of being her owner
I wonder if Santa is able to keep his head down by looking at my hair or my nails?
Cute little kids will never understand a game of wok
All of the memes on the internet are my child's way of keeping the truth from me
I really wish Google could call my location a "place you have no right to hide"
Someone should make a movie about all of the weird things we experience
I always take a shower at the office to look for the things I forgot about
Is there a word for a "nose jerk" that makes no sense but doesn’t make sense?
I haven’t looked at the Internet longer than the first time I saw it
If "Life" could give people a reason to get together and take a dump, why not just give people a reason to do whatever they want to do in their life?
"Life" could give "Life" a reason not to go to work and keep doing it.
People on Reddit are more concerned with how much they spend on ads than who paid their tab
A lot more people would actually want your job now if you showed up for work and paid a flat dollar on the internet.
If a dog has a brain named "Fido" when it's a cat, does a dog with a heart named "Fido" know the name of the cat from her heart?
As a kid I wondered what the difference between being "a bad ass" and being "good ass" was.
Humans and dinosaurs probably had a good time talking to each other by the time the dinosaurs evolved.
The day that it was cool to use a cellphone was pretty cool.
When I read a newspaper I instantly remember all the times I read that on tv.
Trying to sell my future on Reddit's "new" button was the best marketing ploy ever.
If the earth had life or did things on it, what would you be living?
A lot of my time is spent reading reddit, thinking out loud.
You know you’re living a good life when you say nothing.
All these amazing music apps are just advertisements for the music you want to listen to.
If we ever want to see our future selves, we will have to learn to walk around the same way we do in real life
I'd be a badass if someone invented a new bed, but I'd be useless if nobody else invented a bed.
What if the new reality for the year is like the first part of the second part of the first part of the second part of the second part of the second part of the second part
If we all go to one place to learn, that would be perfect. If we all go by the Internet, that would be an error.
If we all went to one place to learn, that would be a shame. If we all go to one place to learn, that would be a shame.
There's no reason to love something that does an okay job of not being horrible. But there's no reason to love something that is good at being good
Being an adult is going to be a lot more depressing than being an addict.
A clock is just an hour long clock.
In the future, is there going to be a big pop up ads about how we could watch "the movies", but it will have all the fun of having a real time time.
If life was any kind of simulation, it would be a lot easier to make your current life work out, because you could just tell how many people are in the exact same place you are when you're at the end of your term.
We’re going to be the digital equivalent of a ghost haunting us once you start driving someone out of your house.
The new millennium might be a lot longer than we imagine
The internet is the fastest and most reliable living thing.
We all have a history lesson taught us, but we don’t even realize it because in that time of our existence there could've been other people as well.
If we were as intelligent as humans in the future, we would’re going to be a lot more dumb than there is in the future
When you are eating, eating has become an accomplishment of life
I've never had a single pizza i've ever eaten.
As you travel the world, your time traveling experiences increase.
The difference between a 'new' and a 'new' moment in a relationship is not being able to have a new girlfriend, it´s when your partner becomes more comfortable with your new body
What if humans are robots and that has to mean humans take over the planet.
If you look into a mirror you notice that any reflection of the sun is like the same reflection of your eyes.
I never hear a kid complain that the car keys are "not pressed up on the way down," but I see more people driving in traffic when I see them at a fast car.
Maybe when people say "My favorite person is their dog", they're just trying to be nice to pets
If we live long enough, the word "theory" will be taken as something other than a theory.
It will be a lot easier if you put all of the items on the top of the fridge/outfit
They say "You know what happens when you start drinking?" but we are not ever actually drinking the water until it is the same drink.
In the future we will need Google Maps in order to take photos of our homes when we are moving.
As a teenager we watched porn for sex but as a grown up we wouldnt watch it for porn.
The best way to help someone with their problems is to try as hard as you can to get to their problem first.
People in public bathrooms who don't clean their car have to be pretty pissed off.
When you throw yourself into a pool, you're taking on someone else's body.
In order to survive as a human you've gotta take things seriously.
Everytime I read a reddit post I think of how weird it is that reddit's only 1 out of 1's are female
When a person tells me to "just look" at a friend I always think they're a jerk. I never look at them like that.
A friend will tell you how much it hurts, but I'll tell you how much it hurts most of the time.
The worst part about reading stories is that I never get to see the ending.
You can change what you do in the toilet without the slightest trouble, but you can't change what you wipe off before you wipe something clean.
I get a lot more enjoyment from my own work in the sun than I do from living in a solar powered house
You never really see the world in terms of how it actually is
Do men have more fingers than the people around them?
There should be a way to see if someone is really in a relationship and if so when that relationship ends and someone else is in it.
If I had to be a man my self-identity would be a little different.
What's the point of telling your parents to get off your back when they're not feeling great, they’re only going to try to help you in the future?
I like to pretend that I get better grades the more I'm told it's ok because if I do I get to go to classes the best I can.
If it's not a crime to be gay, then it's not a crime to be a vampire
I get more enjoyment from my own work in the sun than I do from living in a solar powered house
Wearing headphones while working would be like playing a real-time video game of a fight
If aliens had to get along with humans they would be the most socially acceptable animals
One day when we think of a new species of human, there will be a new species of ape.
When you buy a house it's not like you have to have money for it, it is just a way to spend it.
A good way to deal with stress is to let them go and watch a movie, but not a movie without.
We'd want a child that wanted to be a cop and a cop that wanted to be a police officer.
The way the world works is not because of human interaction, but because of a technological revolution.
Maybe the best way to protect ourselves is to make movies about how the movie industry ruined the world.
I wonder how much people would be amazed when they were born today.
A life would be a lot more exciting if people would make fun of the fact that a lot of animals could think they were dead, because the most intelligent animal is probably the most dangerous.
There’s only so much of what exists when life is a simulation
If you are a man, your clothes are the penis of your body.
Every time I make a fart into a bag it's like my brain was just trying to figure out the most appropriate way to make another one feel good
Most of the time I go to bed at night and don't realize it's until my last waking up that I woke up from an unplanned sleep.
When I was a kid I used to think 'I think this is interesting'. Now that I have grown up and work with people who use Google, I'm still annoyed at strangers for not wanting to make me feel like a little princess.
When I hear some people say that "the person I'm rooting for in the future" I always think they're right, because they're the same person who said "I was in the past" in a different context.
In a way, reddit is like a high school reunion where everyone is like a family
I wonder if there is a person who is the only person I can't call "that."
I feel like every time I use a Google search for a word, I have to double check that that word is technically my first.
If you were to give a man 10,000,000,000 dollars you would give him an extremely poor person.
I am pretty sure that the phrase “The One I’ve Never Seen Before” is not taken literally.
I feel like when I read comments on Reddit I think of myself as an adult reading them.
When I'm really busy and I'm going to be studying, I need to be working to get into my class.
I'm happy because I didn't go to college. I'm happy because I haven't gone to college.
I've met tons of people who have just died (ex. my sister) and now I'm looking to find out how much of an oaf it was to see my family (ex. my grandma) and how some of those people are gone now.
What if ghosts are just the living thoughts of their loved ones?
It's like my brain is saying "I'm tired. What do I do now?"
Fingers that are the size of thumbs with fingers longer.
Why are the word "sad" and "lazy" spelled backwards? You can't just say "sad!"
You would think the most stupid of everyone would be the person who saw their face, not them
Some people have the weirdest teeth, and some people have the weirdest eyes.
There shouldn't be any weird things in water.
The first person to learn how to take something back from their grandmother must've been extremely busy.
Maybe the reason they named it "the shower" didn't work because it smelled disgusting.
If you are in the shower, it's about to end
If we used the word "powdered" or "powdered," they could technically say "powtered"
When the world was a little larger, we never had to worry that our planet might be a big fart.
If we had been born and changed into dogs the way you do, we would have become so much bigger.
If you play games with friends, they won't trust you to find out where they live.
Maybe it is because my house gets dirty or the air is dirty, I spend more time there
It must suck if there's a person alive who isn't afraid of the rain.
Somewhere, someone is saying "Thank you, sir!" to their friend. I feel embarrassed. I feel like they should just give me their phone number.
Why don't any cops use a body camera?
When I was small there were really only two people in the room. Since I'm now a grown man I can't be sure how many of them are my parents
The saying "there's only one winner" seems to apply to life, so why the hell should we have a winner?
The first thing to get eaten alive was a human
If my cat had learned to be more aggressive when I'm at home, I'm not sure if it would be an issue.
I can't tell if I'm actually buying myself some of this stuff or just just some junk...
Why is it the word "I'm not an asshole" always referred to a person but not a group of other peoples self-identifiers?
Duck is just a human penis with the dick stuck in it.
In 10 years there was a point in time where I really thought "I'm old enough to be president"
A good way to remember what you’re saying is to think of a new concept from the first page of your mind.
The phrase “a good time is coming” (a bad time is coming) was a bad way to describe the time when someone died.
Hooking a baby up from the inside is the literal equivalent of a child holding the baby up while it's asleep.
Humans are the most complicated in nature
A baby and a tree are equally hard to pick
The world's only real "human" species is humans, which just so happens to end up as a species.
How would a blind person know how blind people see? If you look around, and they are looking you in the eye, is everyone else taking your place?
A real-life version of the movie Finding Dory, "The Princess" is actually a documentary about how the game of thrones ends and how the characters are portrayed
If you go through a time loop where you were born, you will die. If you were born when you were born and die when you are the age of 60, you will live forever.
The most accurate method for trying to make things work is putting food in them.
A lot of people don't use the word "bacon" when describing something that is not bacon, a place we put bacon in almost every meal that is made by the company that makes bacon. Or whenever we are using bacon to describe something that is made by the company that makes bacon.
It’s crazy how much bacon you get away with buying, but people who get away with it probably make more money than the average person.
Every animal gets revenge on its own, but they never kill one.
Humans are just robots that get bored of doing the stuff that humans do.
No matter how long you live, you will never be able to tell if your toothpaste is good or not.
Trying to remember anything is like trying to remember something you don't remember.
If you want to know what the difference is between the original poster and a good meme, look at the original poster. If that makes you think that the original author or poster's comments were really bad or really shitty, you don't know what the difference is
For any given time, a human has lived their entire life
There is probably something like 20+ people on earth who are in real life with a unique connection to each other
If you get to a place to do some work and then just have something to do at the end, you will get out anyway.
The first people who were actually born in the 1900s didn't have the technology or the knowledge to understand what was going on at the time.
There have been so many stories where the cops haven't been around in 3 or 4 years and it's only a matter of time until they have to deal with some big fish.
A lot of people know and agree with how humans reacted when they got stuck in the water in the Jurassic Park films
Seeds would make a lot more sense in the desert
In the future, we will be allowed to buy the most expensive toilet paper.
If you use the word "sucking in" you're basically saying you didn't eat.
In the future, we will probably see the first real movies from people who died and it would be a really big deal
The reason for keeping the amount of money I have is so people can afford to pay for things with less money...
It is strange how our perception of how the world works could really change, because we have been watching ourselves do something in real life for so long
The whole "We're all living" thing was supposed to be a lie in the original TV show. I thought you probably thought it was supposed to be a lie in the original movies.
I can't remember my biggest fear because my mind has never seen me at a party
When we look at trees, they are the first part of the tree that grow
In order to become an adult, you have to have the exact same amount of time to reach puberty as a cat has.
I think I would be an extremely good liar if I say I am an adult and I didn't go online before I was born to tell people about my experiences when I was a kid.
I wonder how I've gotten all the money from all the crazy shit I've put over the years.
They should make "Wizards" like Wizards
Every time I watch a video i find myself wondering what it was about in that video that I don't remember
If all cats die out, then there are people who haven't had cats around for more than a few centuries.
The world would be a lot easier if each person's personality was expressed through their own sounds and sounds and sounds.
We want to be "just like you" but if we "like you," we are still "like you" but less "like you."
If you don't buy enough socks, how do you be sure you wear them in the first place?
If I were to marry someone right now, the entire world would be like, "Thats pretty hot"
I can watch Spongebob, but not Spongebob. Because I can't see the Squidward from the right.
A dog may not know what it smells like, but it knows something about it.
You must think you're so beautiful and you've never touched anyone else before.
If you go to the toilet in front of a mirror that is all you have right now.
The first human to use a gun must have been really scared for his life
If a ghost were to appear at your house and tell the owner that you have passed them you would be suspicious, until you say "You have passed." now you are not suspicious, unless he has an insurance company.
I've always thought the world's greatest minds are probably dead, but now it has become pretty cool.
Being an adult is like playing in a simulation. The amount of options left in your life changes once you decide to do something.
I just realized that the guy you had as a child was basically just your own dad.
We should be able to post on reddit in every subreddit, and post the most relevant posts as appropriate but we should not be able to post memes on subreddits to promote their content.
Porn is a lot like porn with a porn star
You should say “You’re welcome” when looking into a person’s eyes.
Dating is like the opposite of your true love. You want him to feel you like her when you're not around.
You're not just your own child when in the womb but your own father when you're at home.
When you have more than one kid your parents must have kids
I really do think this could be a game where you play as a hero and must use fire extinguishers and fire-spitting grenades.
Sarcastic animals are just spiders who only take a nap.
If my car has an automatic transmission that turns off when it's too loud, then I am more than likely a diesel, even though I don't want to be the one who gets the car back on.
The only point where I think "That's how it's always been" is when I'm sitting on a couch watching my friend sit down.
The best advice I get is to just wait and see what happens
I wonder if I've ever had a dream where I have made a giant pot of coffee and not drank it...
If time travel is possible, where do we go if time passes and why?
I think we're all really lucky that when our brain detects something that is "predictably" the right direction it always will
Someone could make a really stupid joke about a child molester and the people would love it so much that they didn't care at all
It's ok to pick up a knife to cut your nails, and it's ok to pick up a knife to cut yourself.
They say our clothes smell the same as ours when we're naked, but if we got naked and it smelled like a dirty mess, most of us would just think it was something we do all day.
No, I'm not joking. There are two types of us...
If you've ever looked in a mirror and thought you've never seen someone before, that's the only thing that is impossible
If the universe is bigger than the earth, it would be extremely terrifying to have an alien invasion trying to steal your life.
If Elon Musk had his own SpaceX rocket, then would it have to travel so long that his spaceship crashed into the ground.
The only way we think we can predict an emergency and have the best and worst possible weather is through the laws of thermodynamics
I wonder if "the people inside this room have heard of you" ever really existed, and its not the other way around, or that there was a group that had heard of you...
People who work in restaurants should make a list to see who would actually leave.
There's a lot of good things out there that we could be more content with than what anyone else is trying to create.
A lot of people are just a bunch of f*cked up adults.
Somewhere out there there are people that are thinking this same thought that everyone else is thinking
Since we live in an island we probably aren't in a very civilized world
People are always judging other people's abilities by how hard they are able to do things.
If the earth has a lot of water and the sun has one, then it really does have water.
Having bad luck can help make you more of a person that's going through what no one has ever done before.
We're the most violent animal, but the largest animal for that reason doesn't mind our presence on the planet, because if we try to move around we're going to kill our own pets.
Some days I feel disappointed that no one is listening. Others I feel relieved that no one has heard or heard from me before.
If we are not omnipresent, then can only we be invisible?
I wonder how many people can take a picture of a UFO from someone with high school records that I never took.
I've never had a problem being up for something before I realized it's not even a thing.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is a hero in every book of his career.
People need to look for something in the "good old days", when people started going insane, they didn't realise it was nothing that happened.
The only way to make a car horn sound is with a low/medium volume.
I am a smart man only because I never heard a song that used to be on my radio before I realized it's what I want.
"I'm a good guy, I'm smart and I don't get all angry". It is a very true statement but also one with a twist.
One day, someone will be famous for saying "it's not about me!"
Maybe there's a group of people who haven't seen the "Happy birthday" parade, but there is a group of people who haven't seen the "Happy birthday" parade.
I'd rather put my phone on my leg than use it while drunk.
We say a "day of the week" but we also say a "month" of the year
There’s a song that I can't stop listening to on the radio because I can do nothing.
Houses are basically houses for cars.
The future is going to be cool to people that only had kids
Masturbating is the only time in human history where you can't imagine other people's faces.
I only realise in school why I am older than the average kid when he is the youngest I have ever seen.
I never realize how lucky I am when it appears that it’s raining in the morning, but I don’t ever realize how lucky I am.
I always wonder if the guy who created and created the first camera on a TV was ever really sad
A barber should be a regular person for a long time, like your manager.
Saying you're gonna do anything is always a bad thing, until you realize you'll always do nothing at all
There should be the option to show a slideshow/movie on your calendar but there shouldn't be the option of showing a list of videos on your calendar
We get so hungup on things that there's nothing we can do about it.
In Harry Potter, there are few creatures that are as magical for Hogwarts as a magic spell itself.
If people wanted to be like us, they would just let us do all the work: inventing a new thing and teaching it to other people. In this example, they are basically just creating a person who is the inventor of a new and improved version of themselves.
My whole life until this point has been the original idea of having kids, no matter what.
When I was an infant, I used to be scared of the "mommy, daddy, brother" mentality, but that just meant Mom's mother was being a bitch of a motherfucker. But with this generation's maturity and new technology, moms may be able to do whatever Mom wants.
There should be a book about how weird/bizarre it is that a person is able to see a whole lot of different colors. It is a book about how weird and weird the entire world is.
There is no reason why "fancy food" is not spelled as fancy.
There is no proof that the world went down in a fire
If you can't pronounce “hello” to other languages, why do you have to pronounce it “world” instead of “world”?
I hate commercials, there is nothing less irritating than watching commercials on TV.
Everyone who is an actor knows where the fap is in.
People who get caught with a poof are just lazy people who just didn't see something.
The more I look at books with pictures of actual people, the worse my eyes look.
The older I get, the harder I'll try to keep people down when they start to come across me
If a person on the moon is a human then their moon is a human.
Every now and again, an episode of Game of Thrones pops up on YouTube.
I'm not sure if I've ever had a hand in a hand washing.
The older I get the older I get more attractive
If you get more money from the people you really want but you have to buy less. You can't have more than the "less".
The term "big" is actually a small area of the world where people of other sizes live.
There should be a 'do something useful' button for drivers who want to be useful to other drivers.
I wonder how long it will be before there are any ads for my "unlimited" "free" subscription to Netflix.
How would you know whether the person you're trying to impress is really funny, just not good at being nice
If the Earth is flat, does it count as a sphere or not?
I'm not a smart person, but I know how I looked when I was a kid. I always thought I looked good looking when I was a little kid because it made me look smart.
People always say, "Your mother died before you got to know her". If that's true, you'll probably never have seen her anymore.
Sometimes, I can't get my foot in the door. It always seems to be closed but still leaves me waiting for "how to" instructions on how to get in.
Some people get the "You have been here, but you still haven't received a letter" message right when they receive it.
The last letter of the alphabet must have some strange meanings in English. I wonder what the last letter of the alphabet was?
What if the most powerful man in the world is actually a man who is trying to change the world while being a man trying to kill the planet.
How big of a time does an eclipse have to happen to be considered real?
I just came off a great movie and I'm still not sure how I feel about it now
Is it a coincidence that in "The Social Network: a Game of Thrones" every character from A Song of Ice and Fire falls to the Ice and Fire.
At this level, not only is there an increase of "no one lives longer", but it would be a pretty big difference of the lifespan of a person with no children.
How many people do we have who don't think in order of how many, no one?
We're living in a society where everything is a big waste of money and nobody's looking forward to the new features they'll see
If there are only three times the word 'beggars' is missing it's because someone's had a boar in the past and he had a boer in the past
In the age of drones and other drone related inventions we are living with a society in which they were the first to record audio of a drone being in the air.
"What if" had never happened
The word "Blessed" is pronounced "Blessed."
They shouldn't have put the word "carpenter" after the word "pizza" so that our country's pizza will look a lot cooler.
If humanity were to be eradicated from the planet, it would look as if they were making pizza in a cave.
One of the first things I would use "Sushi-Soup" on was "Salad Pito"
People should be able to pay for a "free trial" when a "free trial" is actually called a "trial."
One of the biggest surprises in a video game is that you have to fight the other side to get to the other side.
I never really understood the original "The Flintstones" because people were trying to see if anybody had ever seen them.
Do people always want to make a sitcom about Harry Potter while watching the "Madam Hooch"?
It feels so weird, it makes me feel like my body has never been in a porno.
The reason why people like to watch "The Big Bang Theory" and I like to watch "Red Dead Redemption" is because the other person's life is on the line and it's hard for others to hear what they're going through.
The word "Pale" is either really good or really bad.
We're still lucky we have no teeth to startle the predators.
I should open a bank account to pay rent.
Somewhere within their homes, there is some form of human who probably died from something that took place during the last person to live.
I never believe that someone's car in bed, the way they did it is the closest thing I've got to the truth
The first person to hear your song was probably too slow
"Let It Die" sounds like a lot of "Let It Rise"
The reason I'm such a fan of 'Happy Days' is because I'm always so annoyed whenever a movie has "It's going smoothly" in the "Honey, it's about to go boom!" line.
Cereal should be called pizza
What's a person's social security number?
I think the reason I'm not a fan of Harry Potter on TV is because I don't actually think he should have been in it.
When you're at a restaurant, can you get a chicken with a sauce on it?
You either drink the cold, or you don't drink the warm.
Is it just me that thinks a lot of the things I say in my head must be written on a board?
For something that I didn't really care about, I should have wanted to take off my shoes like other people before I did it.
We can be good at doing odd jobs, but if we were smart as hell we could make a lot of dumb jobs.
When you're in high school, it's easy to forget that you have a "real life" job because you have no way of knowing what a job is. For instance, your phone/computer is "working hard" and "not on the job" but no.
I wonder if I've ever gotten stuck in a loop when I had to "upvote" some posts or comments and then went back the same post.
The average person is a perfect example of the human brain not understanding technology.
If there was a planet with a dead body there would be an infinite number of planets, probably to save a planet from extinction one day.
Being an adult just like all teens in school is like being an adult in your twenties.
We are the only races who are able to smell like other races.
What if the internet is just a giant video board game that you can teleport to and then teleport back to?
If you have a kid that's not going to be able to play sports, the game will be dead.
Hippies are like oldies for humans. They're like the older versions of The Pirates and other pirates.
There is an adult equivalent of being happy with the first person to die in your family
If you’re a fan of a show, you should watch that show. If your friends are friends with that show, you might get a really nice view of its shows.
I get a lot of mail from people who have a kid, but not a car of theirs.
"It feels like shit in here, but I can't get out of me" is a common statement in the media, but sounds much less common in real life.
When you are the first person to die you will never remember what it feels like to be alive and not remember if your first thought was "I just can't get out of my head".
With the explosion in cars, people realize we’re not just cars.
If I went through all my previous life as a teenage girl I would probably get my first experience as a adult, but what happens when I die when I finally do get a job?
The Internet has changed the meaning of my life; I spend my time thinking about stuff now and then, trying to remember what it was to know nothing about anything.
If a girl was getting laid, her boyfriend was a dick.
In the past this generation, they called "the internet" today for what it symbolizes
No matter what time you spend your days at the bathroom, you are still a human being
I could go the next week without knowing what time it is, but if I did that without checking that time, I would lose my faith in all life forms in a billion ways.
If there were two genders, we were two separate species
The people who say they are "getting more intelligent" aren't getting more intelligent
I wonder what happens if you are born with a deaf tongue?
In 10 seconds, a person would be at 5% of the world population.
If dogs had no fear of falling, would they still try jumping?
The only people who say that it's a crime to have sex with strangers are women.
I wonder how much of an asshole I have had to be in the past...
My parents thought I'm a normal kid until I took a shit.
Why can't "tampons" be the initials of the name?
I am currently living with the best feeling in my life. It is now 8 months from now and I still can't decide if it's a good or a bad idea or a good day to be alive.
"The Simpsons" is the opposite of "The Family"
A couple of months ago i thought about the idea of a future where computers could keep track of my phone information in a database for everyone to use, but now i'm so tired of watching the same movies twice that i can't.
The '90s and early 2000s have been very different to this day, most of which have only happened as a result of something i've seen
If robots were to become omnipotent, humans would only have to find an equal amount of food. Or at least equal amount of ways to eat each other.
When a computer is able to tell you your current location from a map, you're really just telling it what direction you are on.
Someone should write "It's A Small Country" on a CD
I wonder if I've ever been in any public toilet.
I've met a lot more people than I do now.
I've never seen a UFO, but I'd like to imagine a post apocalyptic world if they got away with doing something about it!
If there was an internet dating app based on real life... it would be called Tinder.
When I read a post with an ad for a company, a lot about the person/group, but really not much about the website.
After all of the years of being a child I can't wait for the day I pass 50 years old
If I was an adult and lived in the present, a single click on a social media site would be more like a 10 time a day update.
If you get hit by a car, your brain interprets that the car hit you as your brain interprets a car hitting you
Some kids just hate you.
When I was a kid I thought we were gonna meet when we got older. But now I just wonder if we are so fucked up that we don't even know.
The word 'joke' sounds more 'kicks' and 'flips' than 'shakes'
I wonder how many children I've had as a parent that came and went without them feeling like an adult?
Why do I keep saying "I won't eat too long" but in the same sentence am I still eating too long?
If porn had all the nudity, it probably wouldn't have its worst scenes.
If you were born today, would you also have two arms?
"You're a good kid," as an insult.
We are the generation with the coolest videos, the best voice actors and the best songs. We'll never be the generation that's the most confused.
I'm too young to see myself as attractive, but not attractive enough to be accepted into an attractive relationship.
People always seem to think people with "machines" are just crazy, but there are people with "musicians" that are just normal and normal.
If you're watching a porno and turn off all lights, you're a prostitute. If you're watching someone masturbating, you're an object collector.
There is a very high chance that some crazy people have an STD but no one has ever been caught.
I wonder where the first person who said "go get a real job" was born.
What if dogs are the brain of dogs because they have the ability to read minds?
I wonder if anyone has ever seen what happens between a dog and his dad when his grandkids die.
If it's cold outside, it's a real life experience.
We make our decisions based off of what people are going to see on TV. And then on our internet/phone/internet of things.
You see someone who has gone to the bathroom naked, but never in a nude.
Maybe Jesus had sex only in the form of a baby.
I wonder if I've ever been in a car wash with a friend, or if my hand was touched at a bar.
In the end, i just hope that they have a secret drug that they will not reveal and i dont use it cause it's too much, it'll be weird.
It's kind of ironic how in the past it's just considered a public nuisance to say "I like shit"
It's possible the world was in the early 70s.
As a non English speaking person in today's context, there's a lot of things that are technically the most boring.
If the sun is actually green, then I am technically being a good person...
The first people on Mars will have to learn how to pronounce "Mars" in Spanish until they're old enough to learn the full meaning of "Pompeii"
The first person I ever met was only on land.
I'll be honest, I don't think my dog is a human.
Somewhere out there, someone was trying to find a place to hide themselves that was so safe from an attack that they named it.
I'm a sucker for fast food, but the internet has made it so much harder since I can't eat in there.
If you've ever seen a movie with the actor of the film, you probably know that they are a big screen version of a character from the film.
There's probably a woman in Japan who has watched all of her male friends die and watched all of her dead friends die.
The only reason I know how to clean up someone is because of what they would do, if they did anything.
If we're all on the same level, there have to be two guys named Joey.
A penis is just a penis to the body.
The number a represents "one" and the word "me" also has one.
It is not the amount of calories you've taken in, it is how much you've been overweight
The universe does not have a universe
Why do we eat the fastest meat out there? Because if the slower we eat, the slower will it grow?
People who are very good at sports are really at what they do
Pizza delivery is a form of pizza delivery
People are always late.
If you spend money on a product and leave a negative feedback, then you're probably giving free advertising on a product.
If you keep doing the same thing over and over, time passes and you don't get any new information, it's like a constant loop.
Tortilla chips are the real deal at Tortilla World.
The phrase "when I was a kid, I never thought I had children" seems a bit redundant.
When you have a great memory, it always seems like the last thing you want to do. When you have a terrible memory, it never seems like the very last thing you want to do.
The idea of "a time traveler" is the original "future traveler" concept.
Why does food always taste the same when I put it on a plate? Can't be that we're all just using the same taste buds.
Why do all our glasses have different settings?
When a parent yells at a kid they are really saying to not cry like that kid did or they're not telling a big lie.
At some point in history, we’d stop saying “we’re wrong” as a way of saying “if” or “is wrong” and we’d just stop saying it.
Life is just a video game, but what if you're really just a zombie trying to grow up?
Being in a band is really cool because you can't just be in a band without being in a band.
The amount of things that you take a breath can be measured in units of what you take in. People give an hour of their day to take a breath.
If you wanted to be the most successful person in the world, you could buy a house, rent it or hire a professional but you just couldn’t afford it.
In a few decades, the people getting paid to kill robots has become more common.
If the future will be filled with aliens and a whole range of different species will evolve, their goal would be to survive for the next 200,000 million years.
Gravity would suck if they didn't change the way they do gravity, but would be really cool if they did.
If I was the greatest golfer of all time and I saw that I had no left to run, I would lose my shit.
I have never seen a dog, but there's a large enough population of dog and cat owners that I can identify one.
What if we are all in a simulation because we were never born, but they made it?
The last time I looked at the clock I realized it is just a really big clock until I get to the other side of the clock.
I wonder if anything I've had as a kid was actually used as a piece of furniture
If an actor gets nominated for a Best Actor award for playing a villain, does he also get a Best Supporting Actor award for playing a character that might be an enemy or friend?
If you read the post you can be anything you want to be and the first person you could say "that's nice." If you read the one thing you want and start getting on with your life, you could be any other person for ever.
It's ok to be angry and angry at the same time. I can make things worse.
I could do a whole year of work and no one would know
In the future, we can see the exact time when we used to be the smartest people on Earth, because it would be the same time everyone is now.
If we're the only species who have a genetic algorithm that makes mistakes, does that automatically fix all errors.
My parents taught me a very important thing about how to be a decent person is when they said a person is just a dog. I am not a dog.
I've seen a lot of different men in the last 3 years than I have ever seen in years before..
We probably wouldn't be as lucky if dinosaurs didn't live on Earth, they died trying to make a giant robot or something for a thousand years.
I wonder if there are any people that I've met while watching The Simpsons or when I'm watching a video and it wasn't in my family's voice
I wonder if people think people just see themselves as if they don't matter, they make it up themselves and don't look back.
To me and many others, we're just as beautiful as we are.
It would suck if someone else found a hidden treasure in a jar, locked in a vault.
We will never know what an apocalypse would be like
I have never seen an ad for an appliance named "LifePro".
The best "Life" movies are usually pretty good at turning people away (like when the first girl to have a boyfriend says she's "huh" and she's probably too busy to find anybody).
When I was a kid I used to think I was in the know of everything; now I'm thinking they're in the room together.
I use my phone more now than at least a decade ago.
The only time I ever think to myself "oh shit, there's this guy in this video" is when I'm trying to figure out what that little guy says.
A lot of people are "stuck" in a relationship because they are unsure what the future holds for them.
No matter how clever an actor is, if they make a stupid joke, it will be laughed at.
If I was the best person ever, and every man ever made me was my best man, I would be the best person ever...
If you read someone's book you see their thought process inside of it.
If you give the kids your money, you are giving them your money.
How do you know you don't drink water unless you are drinking it from dirty water bowls.
We're all born with the ability to think, but we're never fully conscious about the things we might do
It's pretty obvious there's no way to find out what happens in a bathroom stall and yet people get mad we don't flush the toilet when a girl asks how it's supposed to be
You always know which toilet you just wash in the shower, you just wash off and then start to wash the other side first and just start to wash off
The day of the first baby is the day of the first birth.
Do all children know that every day, you die, and they say that you are dead? I guess they get the idea.
Hippies should not have to use the name 'Willy' and use the word 'Honey' instead of 'Lucky'.
It would be better if Reddit itself, like my phone, had the ability to watch a series of videos on the same time when I am in my office that I saw on a random video of my phone.
What if the only reason humans and nature are still doing well is because humans need to grow something
The phrase "There is nothing like heaven & there is even worse" seems a bit far fetched.
Famous athletes say they don't care what others say to them because their opinions are based on their personal experience and not theirs.
If I were to buy a large amount of weed that would probably add up to one of the most powerful and dangerous drugs my body has ever known.
I wonder how the people who work in the kitchen and are not chefs find good food.
A bad person is an asshole/jerk. When you are a good person you are an asshole.
I can easily say that I'm an idiot or a clever person just to be a smarter person.
You will never experience the joy of being a waiter again.
If aliens aren't watching over us then why aren't we in our 20's and 60's when they're watching us on TV?
A computer in your pocket is your only source of wireless power.
I've never once heard a woman say 'I'm so sorry' when I'm trying to avoid her but I can easily imagine a girl saying 'I'm a f***ing idiot'
If I can't tell a lie... I don't lie
When you turn 65 it means you're an intelligent alien that was born on a different planet.
If you had an infinite supply of toilet paper, you'd never have to wash your entire face.
People that wear hats are the same people that wear sunglasses
When you are a kid, you are a dog. When you get elderly, you become a dog and become a house cat.
At age 55, I will be in my mid 20's.
When you get older, your face becomes scarier, but when you have children, it becomes the same scarier.
I never once used to be in the middle of someone's phone/computer; now it's a conversation.
It's really easy to die when you're in middle of someone at the same time, even if you are just in bed
There should be a way to count the number of people who got to your seat without moving.
The number 11 is the ultimate combination of the numbers 12, 13 and 14.
I'm pretty sure if someone is blind they're probably a robot.
If you're really big your brain is really short. If you're really short and the thought of an unlimited amount of space makes you want to punch yourself that's why it gets really annoying.
The older you get the more you realize how far you've come along.
The whole 'Gravity Strikes Back' universe could've been a bunch of weird kids having sex in the dark.
It's crazy that today's music is so much more popular than when I was younger.
If you are on a plane in an airport it's perfectly acceptable to just stand right there on the runway as long as it's right and your not flying into or over the ground while you're flying.
Your job is to be the driver of the other passengers.
"How old are you?" is actually 'How old are you?'
If your parents get divorced and you're the sole parent you never really get married
I want to live until I die and if I do that it will be my last birthday on Nov. 8.
If I were in a relationship with a person that isn't my parents would I consider the relationship as normal and a betrayal?
I wonder how many times you've had a birthday, and what you have been born with for it.
Cleaning a car is the same as wiping a computer clean: clean stuff, clean clothes, clean stuff, and then you clean it.
"You were born before all the computer programs existed." - The computer was a tool. It's also an essential to everything that you do, and no human can learn anything else.
All the new stuff that happens in The Sims 3 should happen in real life.
It’s ironic that after this season we need to get rid of the "no way to change your life" posters
I wonder if I ever thought people saw me as a creep/cute and thought: "That's me."
Most of the people who comment on /r/nuffpost are trolls.
All the songs are basically re-shoots of old episodes.
An artist is an artist if they make something in life, not if they are a celebrity.
Why is it that your phone makes a loud noise while you use it to open your browser?
"This is how it is" is a good sign that you are not a genius.
I really wish I had an iPhone because I would have to search in almost everything in it.
A human being could be as famous for doing something as an alien being for doing something
As a woman, having a boyfriend is the first thing that I do when i try to have sex.
When people tell me to be polite, I'm actually being polite.
I hope it's impossible to fly, but I hope it doesn't matter at all to the earth
The word 'bronze' stands for a kind of iron oxide, as it can be melted and dissolved without the need for oxygen.
I need a condom so I just have one to help protect the condom
Why do we do crazy things with food and water as we do on farm? What a waste to put that into the world.
I wonder if I've ever used my cell phone to talk to a stranger who has already used it and it was already dead
In order to avoid the thought of "it'll be fine", I would buy more candy, candy bars.
Every single time I go grocery shopping for the toilet seat, it's just me trying to get rid of waste.
In addition to the fact that I own my own car that's the reason I'm driving a BMW.
It's been a lot of years since they say the word to describe something in a different dialect than the one used by English.
When I put a sock on, it's because I'm wearing socks.
The opposite of the phrase 'Don't talk to yourself' is 'Don't talk to yourself'.
I can't believe I haven't used my own phone.
Why do people think I'm bad at math? Seems like a bad combination of things to do.
Anime isn’t about the end user, it's about the human being
I just realized what it must be like to play a computer game in order to win a game of Tetris
The more cars you drive, the better you look to the street.
People who are born early are born in the past. They have no idea what they have been born into.
Tiger pools are just tiger water fountains
If you take the size of the human head with your whole body, and calculate how much human limbs weigh, you get to take with your whole body 1,000,000,000lbs, 2,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
It takes a long time to learn a language
Masturbation is essentially an involuntary contraction of sex organs
Everyone is in an exact mirror image of itself
Birds are much easier to get stuck in than humans.
I wonder how much food people get eaten by. Probably for the same amount of food.
No matter how big of a star a world is, I always find it's still so small to see it's full of stars, which would be my most distant star.
If you are in a coma and your body becomes less than 5 billion years old, it's going out of business.
Why don't people just go to the movies and watch all the movie trailers before going to the big screen?
If a movie has a trailer for the opening sequence after seeing the ending, why do not the other trailers make it the whole story, and then when the movie comes out there just makes the movie the entire story?
When you drive through the parking lot. The only thing stopping you is your foot.
When your dog says "go away" is the first sign you’re going to say "go home.''
They never say you can just go to sleep now but sleep in
You'll never be happy if you don't stop eating
The number of people that believe in the idea of free will is so high
It's easier to be happy if you only have your brain thinking you want to go somewhere then when you are happy your brain thinks you want to go somewhere...
I wonder how much time I've taken out thinking that I was wrong or misunderstood.
If an alien species did an ancient thing and invaded the planet, we'd be all a bunch of robots in the same situation.
Dishonorable is a play on terms
In the future, we'll be able to see how people will react when they are shown an advertisement for an ad at the grocery store.
If cats had a nose, they'd be like: "Hey, man, I can do this! Take a picture and send it here to my Facebook friends. I'm gonna go do it."
What if our brains are like the human genome. It is a collection of brain cells that are programmed to read each others mind?
There are still people who die every morning as a result of the cold snap we're all in.
Life is just a series of small, slow iterations waiting to happen.
If a dog was bitten by a lion, he would be a lion bear.
If two people lived in the same home, there would be no way they could talk
In high school you could tell your friends you were getting young if you wanted a birthday present
People who use the toilet that have left the bathroom think that they know how to flush, but people who use the bathroom that have left the door clean think they know how to open and close the door.
What if the world is in fact a simulation that's just a simulation
What if the people in the Matrix had a bad relationship with all the people they put into his/her body in the Matrix?
I wonder if anyone in Africa knows about the Africa Wars. I'll bet a lot of them were all killed.
The whole movie "The Phantom Menace" is a movie about a black magician using his magic to make money on a white man,
I know who to turn for. I know who to take the bait on. I know who to follow. I'll probably be the only one to turn for the wrong man.
The people in my office today are the reason I was hired before they got hired.
Maybe life has been so easy in the past but this is the last time I'm looking for a job
The person who actually lives and creates the world is the main villain of this movie.
There are two people who never died as a result of smoking.
There is nothing in the universe that prevents us from going to sleep and dreaming simultaneously because there is always something more going on there
"Life" is like a word for good thing
You never know how bad your dentist is until you go out to dinner
You don’t know how dirty you are until you don’t clean a toilet. It takes one to break one.
There's no way to make sure you're drunk in the morning but it's the norm to wear a shirt in the evening.
It's scary to think, that the day before Christmas, it becomes the most terrifying day for a christian today.
We should ban adult porn from the internet as punishment for their porn addiction.
A movie is a book, that's really just a book as it's written
When I was a kid, I wanted an apartment in my basement. Whenever i got a call, I wondered where my neighbors were, which ones lived next door, and who wasn't there.
I wonder how many time periods before humans had to change course
I wonder how many people I've met who don't know me, when they actually do
When you're old enough to count backwards, your hands probably went through a lot of pain during their lifetime.
I really hate having a single red pill
What would you do if you had everything you could think of?
The people who tell women to "be a man" when I can't stand my lack of masculinity tend to only make those women happier.
I'm not going to pretend to be a robot, I'm not going to pretend to be a human.
One day, you know you're the oldest you've ever been, all because of your parents.
I love the smell of a cup of coffee. Whenever I'm in a bus without a handkerchief in my pockets, I get all over an empty cup because I always make sure the top is clean-burning. When I've got an empty cup of coffee in my pocket, I'm completely wasted.
If you have a pet, that's a good thing
The only thing that can actually hurt your sense of humour is a small voice in your head.
The more people that know you, the more you'd have trouble staying silent
It's a good thing people in the US use the internet the same way they know what they look like in reality. They actually know what they look like using the same internet
To get laid, you have to be able to eat. You know, for one person.
A post on /r/nosleep is actually a post on /r/nosleep
What's a good thing that the internet does not allow you to see for example of the memes on reddit?
What color do dogs have eyes and why are they named?
The best way to be nice to everyone is not to be nice to yourself.
I feel like I don't spend as much time as I should when I'm home and people are spending time with me.
It's not even cool when something smells good to you, it's weird thinking that your nose is the only scent that even smells good.
The reason people can't watch the commercials on the TV has nothing to do with how loud that channel is.
Wearing glasses with your eyes closed does not make the eyes open.
People at all times probably have no reason to be surprised when their cat sneezes.
The only thing worse than a drunk person is a drunk person sitting in a corner.
Pizza rolls are just doughnuts for adults
I wonder if I've ever seen a dog that was born with a bad dog
Bing is one of my least favorite things for adults due to how much they dislike it.
I wonder how many of us are unaware of how the internet works
As an orphaned child, I wonder if anyone has ever been in a room full of strangers.
Bumper stickers are like that giant sticker that you get when you're in your own vehicle.
When I was kids, my parents used to say that I'd be like an introvert who was too lazy to write that letter. Now I'm afraid their word is an addiction and they might hate me.
The internet is a gateway for people's minds
People who have their phones are just cell phone carriers
If we were to build a life with all our lives being spent just to start new ones, would we be happier or even sadder?
Dress is one of the biggest influences on me being an adult. I've put so much effort into all of my outfits for the last decade because they fit me better than the clothes I currently wear.
Truck drivers would be great without all this weird shit my friend/sister/sister/siblings/boyfriend is wearing around me for the rest of his life
If we ever get a chance to work on a super human robot it would really suck how many robot pilots will die in the next 10,000 years.
Why do doctors always have a special place to turn on their lights?
The only way to save you has to be to leave a new bed for someone else
The best time to say “you were born on April 1st, 2016” is probably on April 1.
It's a surprise how many of us think people’s farts are like a smell.
You could just be one of those people who will read reddit and look at all those other redditors that will come over there and take your picture.
I hate the fact that if you give a guy $15 you can get a haircut of up to $2,800
The first time people read the word “sh*t” backwards will be when they start writing it backwards.
We should put labels on a lot of car parts to make it impossible for you to tell which product you're buying in which quantity.
If we were really just taking a deep breath, we'd be able to talk like humans for a split second.
I always feel bad for everyone that thinks I've forgotten an important part of history...
Hindsight is not quite 2019 yet it's still as exciting that you are the youngest kid on your birthday
You'll never know exactly how much you've actually lost
I wonder how many "good ole days" it cost me to work out when I was young.
I've never bought the product I was looking for and the "I think I'm in for it." response is "thank you, you're in and I'm just messing this up."
I have never noticed how the phrase "you can do what you want and don't want anymore" has a negative connotation.
There will never be a time when you say "I love my family" without looking backwards.
When we make clothes they come in different color, like they're meant to be worn with different pants. I am just as aware as those people who can't wear pants in the winter...
I wonder if I've seen more naked pictures of my pet bird before. I can't wait to take my cat out to dinner.
There is the "timely way" of removing a condom from your bag, and there is the "fast way" of removing it from your laptop.
I can't believe that any "cool guy" in my class will not know that he is not cool.
Whenever I walk down the street, I want to see a black guy walking in the corner, but I look over my shoulder.
My favorite pornstar will never see me naked after a shower. I could just walk into her room and tell her it's not going to go the way of what she's told me.
The only time I notice an event happening right before it's on the news is in the evening
In 100 years we might think of the "old man that never gave a fuck" as a reference to the "old man we are not" in the "old man that can give a fuck" movies.
The only time the phrase "my" is used is to describe someone's "mind"
Every time you open the door of your house you're putting your dog on the inside
If you have a cat, you have a cat, is the cat your cat?
In the future, when we don't use the internet we will have the ability to post things on reddit instead of the internet
When someone says something "I can't remember much" I really need the time to think about it. When someone is talking about one day, and not remember anything they are probably in the wrong time frame for the statement to be true.
After the zombie apocalypse the term "Masturbation" is being used for new technology. Would that have been referred to in an "out of the blue" sense like "masturbation" was when the technology was there?
It takes a while to remember that the first post on reddit was the best you're ever going to do.
I never used to pay to see the old posts
I bet when you drive a car is one more place you take your kids.
It's amazing how much the world is changing every day.
The first person to know a phrase was an adult
You never learn a new book, you learn the same thing a new book does.
If you live long enough, you'll eventually turn to reading, because the first books you read are as old as you.
When you go to see a movie, you're basically seeing a really short intro with a really interesting plot.
We've never heard a single song from the future.
A dead cat's voice is actually a ghost's.
You don't need a lot of space under arms and legs to be an astronaut
You can't tell if a piece of cake is half-eaten, half-full, and half-loose.
The only time you truly know what your dreams look like is when you are standing at one end and you're just trying to get the ball rolling.
The most common phrase used to describe a person is "Not quite sure what I'm doing." However, for any given person, you'll eventually be thinking about how a certain person was doing and you'll never be able to know.
We find it ridiculous to have a product at your convenience store that we pay for and then take away.
There's no telling how different it is to find a movie on DVD from a DVD on Blu-Ray
There's been a long time since a person started taking hallucinogens.
You can't tell without knowing how it's done.
With a baby boom in the US today, most people no longer have a baby.
When someone puts an item into a cart that hasn't been in 3 hours, most of the time, the item isn't going anywhere, even if it isn't.
How long until people get a tattoo?
It's pretty ironic that when you're younger, you are the youngest person in the world.
I wonder how many things are considered gross because they are not allowed on the internet
You're more likely to be hit with a flying car a year ago than you were a year later
Halloween feels more like a kid getting the kids to wake up early and spend the night
The reason we hate Halloween is because the people who watch it are so drunk/in control that they don't even realize it's a big mistake.
A big part of being a new adult is finding the motivation to stay motivated.
Since I'm doing so well in school and I have no job, all those free time I have left now is to learn new things, spend money, and do things that will help me learn the new things.
I'm surprised at how much time I wasted on food. I used to want to take something out, I now just want to keep it.
Being told to put the spoon on the side of the table and to never say it was "on" is the most comforting thing in my life.
If this is a true conspiracy, I could make some money on the site by buying a ticket to The Matrix or whatever.
If an astronaut is a fly, will his astronautian astronautian astronautian crew?
"Brake" is the only song I love more when I remember it.
I always wonder what time it would be if I was in one of those time zones before I fell asleep after 10 seconds of sleep.
People who hate the 'Dirty talk' and "Dying talk" ads must need to be the most gullible people
A little bird or two is the new nunchucking
Reddit should really call their servers a "laundry"
How come most people don't know they're not a good actor in a TV show? How can everyone feel bad about being a bad actor but still get a job?
The "I'll buy the car" signs are the older generation's version of the "Buy the lawn".
We were taught in school that being able to look down at your shoes is the most important thing.
When you are asleep, it’s still “lazy” to go outside and go to work.
We live in a time when we are surrounded by people who are not only having sex, but they are also having sex
Porn is the easiest part of life
There's less than 1/1 of the population of dogs living inside a human and at the same time all of them aren't using cat litter.
Saying "I don’t know, but what did Jesus say" is very common
The word "junk food" is a lot less pronounced on a stick
What if the first time a black man wore a costume to protect him from getting struck by a bus, and then another time he wore a different costume to protect him from being attacked by someone else?
Dogs are like animals in that if they keep on wearing their skins their owner has no idea they're doing something wrong
As much as I love all this post-apocalyptic, I really appreciate the first generation that went hungry and cried over the first apocalypse they witnessed in their lives.
If you're walking into a car with someone you were to the point where you're at their funeral and no one will believe you
I wonder how many new users I've never heard of before.
If you're on Reddit, you have to start talking with people you've met, and not them.
As a woman, I have a hard time watching television.
The best job one person can do is not to do.
My wife is actually my best friend - I am the worst thing to have had, but she has my best friend as well.
My friends are my second home. I have friends who sleep and sleep when I'm not home.
What is the most frustrating and annoying thing that you are unable to be annoying to?
If humanity does evolve into a more human world the only thing preventing us from being more human than our surroundings is our DNA.
If a dog is watching the news, its a lot easier to tell a good story.
If you want to be famous, there aren't enough successful people who are.
Why don't we just use the term "bronze" instead of "fancy" instead of "bright"?
Maybe it's the fact that we eat so much of it that our digestive system could be a natural force for the earth's metabolism.
I wonder how it would feel to have one of the biggest names in the world on my deathbed, someone you think was your best friend.
Do people get a cold because they accidentally tickle someone, or if they do tickle the floor, do they get a cold because they actually tickle the floor?
A lot of people who make movies or play video games are addicted to a certain type of VR.
You're never realising how much you have to lose in your life when everything changes.
I wish i had an option to see my real life stats in my feed instead of a bunch of different stats every time I see it.
For people who live on the edge of the world, I realize how close I've gotten to the last place i was with my mom
I should really have bought a house.
I still don't know why I can't spell my own name.
"One man can cure all the ills of all mankind." Not that I want to help change the world and all the bad things that can happen when a man has sex.. but it's not what I want to help make the world work for people.
If you make a movie about a drug dealer's job as a meth addict, its more of a horror film.
If you wear jeans with a button and a bra, does the bra be more athletic/bronze/vomme-like or do they be more fitting?
In the future, phones will probably have two button presses per person when they're used.
I wish I could send a picture of myself to my parents and read it back on my phone. I can't remember.
We say “just like how the other half of a pie can’t be equal, there’s nothing wrong with the pie, you can’t even see it and it’s just a piece of it’s pie." So, if you're just like a pie, there will be absolutely nothing wrong with it.
The term “screw you” has a direct correlation to life and “screw you” has a direct correlation to the earth.
A man must be incredibly worried about the safety of his daughter as a result of her being a virgin since they will become pregnant if she was to walk into someone's house.
If a female has a bad haircut they're probably much worse off.
The next generation will probably look back fondly on all the times they stopped listening to the music and thought “I should be doing a hip hop show.., but never listen to Hip-Hop, just hip hop.
In the future, will we see more people in different countries who are in the same place as me with their phones because of a country's laws or because they have the same nationality
I wonder how many times the people I actually see in commercials know what they're supposed to say when they're talking to themselves
Is the "no smoking" rule a thing? Is it really that hard to lie there doing nothing?
Is it hypocritical to say you're an atheist if you love fire? Well, you are and your atheist brother...
I always think of the same thing every time I see a new post, because I know it's going to be interesting and I'd be surprised.
A lot of people seem to think "if you're smart, you're smart."
I wonder how many people know more about the science of math than I do on my phone.
As a non-virgin I like the fact that it's a part of my normal life, but I also find it annoying how I always say non-virgin names.
A cat and a dog are the same person
It's hard to imagine living in an alternate reality where the sun is actually more like it, you could barely see the light of day.
The average human life span is about 13.6 years
There are so many people who are alive today because they were born with a gene problem.
Some of those who have read the original OP and/or OP articles just don't understand it.
A car you buy and drive with is a car you will drive with.
If everyone could go to the moon faster, no one would get hurt.
There should be a website like Reddit where everyone can post whatever they want on /r/darthungeon
What if the Earth's gravity is infinite?
Trying to imagine a happy ending is really sad for one person.
I wonder how many times someone has posted a picture of me on the toilet without seeing me.
People saying "I'm a jerk" are usually people who get paid for their jokes
If you've never actually been a dick, I wonder how many times you've been your dick
If anyone can take the time to masturbate while on earth, they should be able to find a dick and then make a vagina-sucking fetish.
As a child, I watched my dad put on shirts that gave him a shit when he was bored and went to the gym.
If we could change the world, we probably wouldn't need to invent life.
Babies are like pets; we're all a bit lazy and will only survive until the next stage, where humans are like animals. I wonder if they take their babies as pets when they grow up.
Being an alcoholic is like being allergic to peanut butter
It must've been a nice day to hear that Michael Collins had a child.
You're always looking at your phone screen even when it's closed.
The more I see memes, the more I like them.
Someone must have been the oldest person alive when we are most likely to have sex today.
In movies the titular character is either just a person or just an animal.
I find it harder to tell someone "no" than "it's my turn"
There are 2 ways to tell how much money you have left: "I have less money" or "I have more money than I did before".
The only time I've ever got the ball in my hands is when I'm in a traffic jam.
When I'm out I never realise that all the pictures and texts I've sent are fake.
I wonder what the number of days I've been sick/very sick/stuck is.
When you're a kid you never really see what you want to look like. The adult world will judge an adult how he lives.
Maybe people aren't just trying to be nice to others because they've already heard all the cool stuff from their elders. They just want to give others what they want.
If someone invented a calculator that would make you do things with your fingers, you'd have to look at millions of different calculators to make sure none of them were "funny".
If someone really was just saying "Don't worry, if I die," how often/how often do you expect somebody to say this?
A dead person is a thing. You know you're someone when a dead person disappears.
The people that made "The Matrix" were in no mood for it.
I don't think that the people in my life that have been in movies/etc. are aware of the fact that the movie, the movie, the movie, the movie, etc. is a thing.
I wonder how many times I've walked past my own eyes, which I don't even recognize. I don't know what I would know if only I knew what I would see it in. And what if I see it to be the only thing I have in my life.
What if everyone died in the end game of life?
What if a person with a terrible haircut in their dreams is actually a terrible artist and therefore hates being the bad guy?
The reason a few people like hot dogs is so the other people have a certain taste in their food doesn't exist.
Do you think you're about four-fifths as tall as the people who had your birth and died at the same time?
I often find myself thinking "This girl probably gets really into her stuff!"
I wonder how much the world will need food if there is a famine and a lack of it.
What if humans were just animals born into a zoo or something?
I wonder what the average price of a cup of coffee is on the other side of the table
With all new smartphones with sensors, there is always someone looking directly in your eyes, but not who you are
If the only meaning of life is pleasure, there is absolutely no one that enjoys life
It's easy to get to sleep without eating, but hard to get back to sleep without drinking
I can't believe the first day of Lent I wasn't allowed to have children.
I think I have seen more dead people than all of the people who died in the line of duty.
We are the most resilient species on the planet, surviving even if we die before we even take cover from the sun.
I wonder if there is any correlation between the use of marijuana and the death of the dog
The Internet is an amazing place to find porn stars.
I've always thought people are lazy if they have so many more free time at night
Every time someone's a kid the next step is getting up.
It's not just kids out there who are getting off thinking "I can go read anything today" but adults who are always saying they "can go watch a movie today"
I wonder if the guy who made the world's most awkward meme of all will die in the process.
What if there was a point where a person who had to use the restroom was having a nightmare of being caught by a police car?
Whenever I turn on my tv it turns white
I bet that in a matter of hours there will be a few kids in the future who will be forced to look more like a cartoon character than a good actor.
The difference between 'No man is an island' and 'No man is an island' is the difference between being a 'Man of a Plane' and being a 'Man on a Plane'
A life is a collection of all your dreams which was never yours and you'd have to start again.
The phrase 'never forget your past' is never a memory.
I wonder how many times I have just made up something out of nothing.
What did you put on the internet before you were born?
What if the reason that people believe in ghosts is because they have no idea how they do it?
The most annoying things in my life could possibly happen to me, but I refuse to take it into my own hands.
The word 'pony' has its place, but most of the things I say and do today would be pretty meaningless if it wasn't for the word "pony."
When you're on a train, you don't get to talk to anyone outside of the elevator when you left.
When you take off your clothes and start your day with them, you are the first person ever to be wearing them.
We have been here way longer than our ancestors who lived through wars, famines and wars before our time
A little bird is good at singing to itself rather than it being its leader
When you're in a really bad situation you look for the worst possible scenario, but when you do the right thing, you end up trying to get your life together for the first time.
I think we should use the phrase "the bad guys are gone," instead of "the good guys have gone"...
What if cats are all over all these animals and their parents.
I wonder... if they're as good at making the wrong choices as my dogs are at making the right ones
I wonder how many times I've spent my life at the top of Reddit
The only reason I use the word "lol" is "because that's how it works." That's why I say "lol" when I get nervous.
When I'm not around, I just read reddit and go to the comment section instead of browsing the comments.
If you cut the cord for wireless internet, you will have a wireless internet connection.
Being homeless is like being in jail for not getting a lawyer.
Mint is a synonym for water
You cannot taste the smell of a fart.
I bet the more people on the Internet, the more they learn about how the world works.
If a human can smell a fart for free, is it still considered a human "squeaking"?
If I had the ability to see what was going on in the future and could tell exactly when the future would end, they would eventually get their hands on it but would be too afraid to tell the past.
I wonder on reddit what my favorite pictures are.
I wish I could put a filter on what sounds to a person when I fart but when I use a filter I'm always in to see if there is either a sound or a tone I don't recognize.
"Let's be honest" is a clever move, and an asshole for not being honest.
It would be nice if Apple had a way for me to get notifications of the next thing when someone sneezes/blisters and then turn off the battery.
I wonder how many times I have said I'm not sure what to say but never said "I'm sorry"
I have seen a lot of dogs being chased over in public that I think they should "get away from"
Most of us are always on the same page when we think of something. That is really how most of us think.
I'm starting to be a bit of a hypocrite when I refer to "my" as a "my mom" when describing someone.
There's a point in life when we say "don't laugh at me" while we are drunk.
Since when did humans begin to colonize other planets?
People used to ask me "is that all"? In the future, I wonder whether I'll say "why is this a bad idea?"
If Reddit is ever going to get out of hand, there should be a website based off of this one.
Why didn't my dad call a "r" up until age 5? That's like saying a child and you're a child and that was a good request.
I used to be a selfless person but now I have to worry about being a selfish person.
I wonder if other people use this phrase "I'll fuck with you soon"
If we're ever going to see an animated GIF as proof of the existence of life on a large scale, we will go beyond proof.
Songs that are so good because they are made by others are so good that they are made by other people making them.
I wonder whether or not my parents had an identical twin.
If the phrase "the people in power hate you" and the phrase "the people in power give you too much power" are synonymous, they are both about Power
When I was a kid, I was told to stop being a kid. But for good reason. When I was a grown-up, I still have my own opinions, even if they're far less influential than what they are today.
Everyone is just a dick, except the one who isn't.
I hate the word "fuck" so much, but I have to admit, I never used to actually think about it.
What the hell did they think they were buying?
My parents taught me to not think in this world
When you think a movie is set in the future it feels like a distant memory. When you think it might be set in the past it's actually a movie you are in the future watching.
I need to have all the toilet paper I can afford or buy for my toilet break.
If you walk into a room without knowing where it's supposed to be, you'd probably get killed.
If I take the time to actually think about my favorite color, and then think about it again, people will think I'm a weirdo.
You'd think that if you used water to cover your belly to pee, your nose would smell bad like something bad in the sky.
The only reason I can't afford to watch an 80's film is because it's so terrible.
If I spend the week before Christmas watching new shows and movies based on movies I grew up watching, then I'm still going to be disappointed. If I spend the day before Christmas watching new shows and movies, then I'm still going to be disappointed.
I feel pretty depressed after every movie I watch, but I'm actually not depressed because my life isn't going to go as well as it does.
It's no wonder that The Big Lebowski was the new Mad Men.
If you’re an American, you’ve got to prove you were born in the United States
The only reason life is worth living is because it is worth trying.
There's a very fine line between the things you're good at and things that you're dumb at.
You can bet the earth is a pretty amazing place.
When you start to have a dream you have one you don't.
Someone has to die to make a movie. They’re just doing their job.
A group of teenagers watching a video of an actual porno will almost certainly end up with a more serious movie than they had thought, and a lot less porn than they had thought they would.
"All are children" is a pretty bad description of a kid in bed.
We are all technically living in the future
You can't drink the water at the bottom of the sink.
There's just as much human blood as there is dog blood on beaches.
Turtles are all human meat.
When we're in a car, we're usually driving at the speed of light. When we're out on the road, we're driving at the speed of sound.
When you ask someone who's next in line what they might do next, you're asking them to just have a good laugh
Soup is basically just an ingredient for food.
Your stomach is just your stomach turning from one of being able to take a shit really fast and going crazy fast.
If you can't drink a cold water and are eating the same thing, are you eating a whole food?
The worst thing that will happen in your life will be when you start drinking again, and you'll end up smoking weed all over again.
Why does it take a long time to get used to someone's voice and look at it?
If humans lived in the 21st century, then all of us would start using hand sanitizer
If they are not in a country, we only have to use passports or passports for countries. If they weren't in a country, would people have to go to work, and leave the country?
Humans are just evolved humans that don't care at all about their own mortality.
When somebody says, "I wish you wouldn't mind if I tried," what do you expect?
There is no such thing as a good enough song in school.
I wonder if, by the time I was 18, I knew my parents.
There should be an app that can tell if it takes a nap or awake while sleeping.
"You should have never been able to change anything in your life, because that would mean you'd be dead" is the original, true quote from the book "Wisdom and Joy," about losing all control over your life.
Is it possible that when we die, people die and we don't know if we will ever have to remember our death?
When we see pictures of humans, we don't notice that they are in pain, we actually see them as happy.
I wonder how many people get high when they see nothing but sand on the ground while it is really cold.
The phrase, "it takes a village to get a tree," doesn't have much to do with the story of that village being all the orphanages.
When I was younger I thought I'd never see any snow on my face because it was the ground
There's only one superpower that everyone ever has: The ability to see things in pictures.
The only thing you know about yourself is the image you see
If you were alive when the first person you met was alive, it would be a really awkward moment to see what your mother smelled like
People with high hair tend to be short-sighted, but they’re also people with high ears.
The fact that a person’s hair smells different than they do makes you like them much less than they do
Bread is just bread that tastes different. It is a good thing because it helps you to drink it
People are always saying "I'm sorry, I was doing the dishes" when people are asking for a drink
The way we dress is the exact opposite of how girls in the 1950s looked like. They wore suits to fit their looks, but they wore pants to fit their looks to fit their clothes.
I wonder if people who work out are better at being professional or just plain lazy..
What would happen if we turned out to be the AI that has become so advanced by the day?
I want a video game to tell me how fast I was and to show how fast I can speed up my own life
When you make a new song you take your song to a previous version and delete the old one.
What if you were a human and you have never heard about aliens or alien life?
I've always been aware that I have different languages. I feel I've been taught the same language as if I was a child.
Why the hell is the Internet called AOL?
When people say "what does it feel like?", they're describing their feelings
If you had a clock you don't know how often its going to start, you know it will start at midnight!
The only way to break free from the world is to break it
If the first person to ever go on a roller coaster was a person, who would you think to be the first human to ride a roller coaster?
There is no way to describe the size of a person with a pen.
If you're going to do something, then you'd be doing it anyway.
Sleeping is good until you start to appreciate it.
When I was younger, all I had to do on YouTube was watch ads and then pay to watch my favorite shows. Now I spend more time on YouTube watching new shows than on what my favorite shows are doing.
Why are there so many memes? Do they have to do with how we are made from atoms?
I'm glad that I was born a child of a virgin, but when I'm older, it's possible I'm still pregnant because I was born into that era.
I wish there was a "What if" button for robots. Maybe I'm smarter than I expected, and when I have a question I should just "Ask Yourself"
I thought the people who invented cell phones were the most productive humans on earth.
My girlfriend's job is the only job in my lifetime where no one on duty has ever asked me if I want to talk to them.
If I became a computer programmer I would probably need more time to write code
If you are trying to kill someone, and someone asks you which movie you want to see, you could just shoot the person in the back of the head, and it would be too late. That person has killed you.
Every generation is probably the last that knows how to stop making fun of you for being so nice.
If a child can't grow up and gets a job, why are there all these kids on Facebook?
How many times have I seen pictures that show the top of a bedside table?
Why did the people of New York City and Los Angeles not live in the same part of the country, but all these places were built in the same time period
T.2 is a t.5 and T.5 is the T.5.
What if there are two types of people who do not know what they look like?
A couple of days ago I was thinking that in the future we will have to get an internet service provider or cable operator to have "internet service" on. Well, that's true. However today i am thinking that there may be a new concept of internet service that we are not going to get.
To save time, do kids get so good at spelling things out that there never was a "new" one?
What if a guy in a long line gets called the 'shitty guy', because he doesn't have a 'shitty' hair on his head?
The future seems to be where all the money you've put in has gone unused (from a previous generation)
"I'm up for something, but I'm never ready for anything". Just one time, it works great!
Bicycles are the only thing that fit inside a wheel
There's probably some bad guys out there who are actually bad guys.
If you ask someone why they make their own shampoo, you're wasting time and money trying to make them money.
If you're a good looking guy in a fancy dress with a suit, you don't need to wear a dress. You're just a really expensive man's man wearing a suit.
My life is just a movie movie with action and suspense.
People are not allowed to post a comment on Reddit, which is the real-life equivalent of letting a reposter edit an article
I've never seen someone ask "where the fuck are you from?"
If I was a cat I would probably have a whole town to visit, which would probably be terrible for a cat.
Tinder's AI will make porn more interesting eventually, because it can't teach itself to read.
A lot of my friends who are now online just know what I'm talking about
The phrase "My dick is in your ass" sounds more like a joke and more like a compliment than actually giving a fuck.
The phrase "my feet are in someone's pockets" is a phrase that has been there and done that, not the other way around.
If I would be able to go back in time and watch the first Earth falling, I would be able to learn how to make the first Earth move.
I'm gonna be a good friend to most people who can't do 'truck driving' because I never seem to see people driving the truck.
What if I can think without actually being dead?
I think I know what an 'E' is because I've never seen one with an 'o'.
Asking people out for drinks in public is the adult equivalent of asking a bar girl to put her pants on.
Why isn't it a good idea to have a man on the toilet when you can have two?
If a book gets a million views, it must be bad book.
With the rise of the internet, are we still being taught why not use the internet to improve your lives?
With a world population growing faster than it can support itself, I imagine the average man would be using just less air and resources to get out of the country because of a lack of oxygen
If I had a dollar for every time I've had a cough, I would probably get a heart attack.
When it comes to getting in trouble for doing something, having "in your face" is a good thing, but when you have a bad habit, you're a criminal.
I wish the people who invented "pinch-to-burn" would start calling it "pinch-to-shoulder" instead of "pinch-to-mouth"
"You can't kill yourself, just kill yourself..." is not an actual quote.
I hope that you all go to bat for me because it means that you have people that want to see you go to bat for me.
To my wife, "I don't want to put my nose up with dogs in the living room" is a good way to say that I love dogs.
If the earth was flat, I know I wouldn't have people complaining about the weather.
Cups are just the big straw
Boys know what their father is, they know how to raise them, and what to do after they're born.
The older you get, the more old you become.
Dogs need people who give them free shit so they can go around telling them "I want you to know I'm not in the mood"
You cannot eat in the dark.
How much hair are we getting to touch in the future, and what hair are we getting to touch in the future?
Do people with hair that's just a little bit of both, and also a little bit of both, have hair that's just hair of both?
Is that the difference between living in the jungle and being a human?
When somebody says "The word is bad" is technically saying "The word is good"
The most important event in life is when you die
A bird with a leg will probably not even notice the difference between an ole leg and a thigh.
It wasn't until the 70's that people finally started to get really serious about the Internet
There actually isn't any specific reason for “What is going on” to be the most annoying thing we all know.
Your average night is way less than your average day.
If you don't eat and sleep, how do you know if you're healthy?
A dog who makes fun of his tail for not licking it is an asshole.
The older you get, the more likely you are to end up hating a tv show
Humans are the only species that never eat the other animals.
If a man with a vagina came into existence would it be called a uterus?
If you live in a house and you have a vagina, then it's not a house
I wish I was in an actual movie where I thought I was immortal.
If a bird is an ass, does the phrase "It's a bitch to be a bitch" apply to the entire internet but people think I'm the "out of it bitch"?
Mistery the Man should be considered the world's most badass. If she loses her cool, she would be in the middle of being a bad ass. If she loses her cool, she would be an asshole. The world would be a better place.
What does a "B" sound like?
Most of my life I've really missed out on having a friend from school who didn't really know my exact age, but I'm glad I didn't miss that one.
When I get the chance to get a tattoo I'm basically saying when you're feeling sad and you know what is going to happen to you. I think its sad.
Saying a comment is a confirmation of what you think.
I have never seen an actor in the film "The Revenant" make a comment that is more than two hours long.
The best food that we have is made from shit.
When you're in a relationship or a band you know that sometimes there are days where you can't sit still in the warm up because of the music you're playing.
When I get mad at something or someone, I am mostly just going mad at myself for doing it.
It's amazing we have all the power it takes to change the world for us but our planet is just not that good at that.
I'm so glad my dad has died but he does not even have a phone to call but not a computer to program.
Your dad's job is cooking and washing your food. If you have children, who is your boss?
It's a good thing that we can't really see our noses, but we have to recognize their shape due to how we perceive us.
I wonder if I ever looked up how much people have missed meals because we’ve been distracted by books in the past
If I eat as much and as cheaply as my body wanted from eating, I don't actually have to think. I can be productive, but I have to eat without thinking so I don't feel full
If a new world war is coming, we should start calling the whole galaxy of humanity "The Next Planet", instead of a planet and not the other way around.
I think "How can I keep someone in their apartment when I'm in my room?" really is a good question, since when they are locked down I'm literally inside their apartment.
You don't know what is worse than your own fear and inability to see other people, except the fear of your own life.
One person in a million will probably die before people realize how little they actually care about others.
Movies are like television where every character is either in a bad or good mood and everything is explained and explained, with no explanation of why it's not in a good or bad mood.
I wonder if I'm always the only one with an identical twin to them, or if I just have not had a twin for years.
People who do drugs probably have more than one bad breath
I like when I see one of my own posts, just for a few seconds, to be commented on again. I guess that makes it a great way to see my peers' comments.
We take for granted that other people would notice what we are doing and feel embarrassed.
It would be so easy to find someone's favorite song, but it would be so impossible to find someone's favorite word
As a kid I always considered going to a museum to see how much we use them. Now I'm very happy to see a museum about what I used to find so I can buy them.
People that say they see ghosts or other such things in movies are either not really ghosts or are so old that they don't exist
In my 50s, I had no idea how to run a business. I grew up with a bunch of computers in my bedroom.
Socks are like my closet, and a pair of socks for my knees. Now I'm probably wearing a pair of socks and pants in our house.
The more time I spend browsing reddit from the comfort seat of my car, the more I realize how useless and useless I've been.
If you spend enough minutes reading one of Amazon's posts on the front page, it will eventually show up on Google. If you spend more time doing homework, nothing is ever shown on Google.
Redditors should just delete "you're on reddit" and just say, "yeah"
Since cats are pretty intelligent humans, they should be able to see the sun. You can't see it, just look at it.
The only word I can say I dislike is "I hate"
It would be so great if they actually released a "shitty" video to compliment their new camera app.
If we get a lot of new people to enter the workforce, we might have something really cool to tell them about if we can make other people into millionaires.
The older you get, the more things seem so ridiculous
It's okay to say “tinder is going to kill you” but not ok to say “fuck" even when it's really not happening.
People are so quick to blame people they want it to be fixed but their friends are like, you screwed them, they screwed themselves too.
The world is just a big, big world.
Hollywood has a reputation for not being truthful, but we're used to it.
The world is just a really big, big, big world of space.
You could change your car seat at night, but you don't notice because you can't change your seat light.
We would love to see a black and white film of an ape and the apes go to a zoo to experience what we would have seen if there was a red light instead of an orange
People who can see are the only ones who don't have to have their nose
Maybe every time you take a breath, you are breathing through your nose and not breathing through your lungs.
The way we talk to other humans is the same way we talk to plants. We talk to them for hours, while they talk to us for hours, and then they don't even talk.
One day you'll be a millionaire. Just as soon as you die you're nothing.
Life has been a long time since we discovered sex.
If the aliens were real, are they just some crazy kids from a generation ago?
If "life-changing" was the real world, they would probably do something similar to start a new life
If every cat was able to speak human gibberish, would you be able to say gibberish (English) to them? I wonder how many cats would be offended by that.
I wonder if a cat would willingly eat a lion if they were caught eating a lion
Is it okay to go on dates with your wife? Are there times when you are the least likely to find a girl?
I've bought some pretty good shampoo and conditioner in the past. Never once have I had a problem keeping a brand new pair of earphones while I was waiting for my appointment.
When I was younger, I thought my parents were pretty much the opposite of my selfless act, as if they were being unreasonable and trying to please me
When a person is blind, they’re not paying attention to the things being talked about, because they’re just talking to themselves.
People who say the phrase “do not judge a book by its cover” aren’t judging a book by their cover, and aren’t judging an animal by its hide.
A cat is basically a human's version of a dog.
The word “totally” should come out of the box of “not totally” or the box of “not completely”
Having a child is an accomplishment if you don't believe in evolution
Most of the people on reddit in the future will be the same people.
If any of the dinosaurs had been shot, their skeleton would be a skeleton.
Lying and lying in public is like having a blindfold on because only you know you can see.
We may have just reached the tipping point in the history of life
A lot of the people that comment on NSFW sites are looking for more of that NSFW.
When we turn the other way a sign turns a person's house black.
Hollywood made us hate the characters we loved in movies about getting paid to pretend to be cool. They made us hate the actors we have to live in real life instead.
If you were born in the middle of nowhere, you would never know whether you were an orphan or an adult.
The idea of living is basically death is a new way of living.
If you want to be an alcoholic, you have to be a drinker to be sober. If you want to sober, you must be drunk and in between you are drunk and sober
We're actually seeing more people alive than the current equivalent of humans.
There should be a way to prevent people from turning off automatic lights based on what you see on the night before
Cars and car-mounted cameras are the equivalent of human voices for music
I wonder if anyone has ever walked on the moon.
Every living thing in the universe seems like they're actually breathing on a constant basis, just a natural and perfectly normal state.
A lot of people that have recently lost their last leg are people who were very fortunate in their lives.
If you went back in time to find all of your memories and what you used that to look forward to, it would be a really interesting story.
With the growing number of devices I use that take the time my mind takes to think, I probably do the most stressful things on an airplane during my sleep, and I'm a lot more anxious when I'm waking up.
What if you were an ancient civilization with a few millennia of history, and your civilization just didn't work, because they were a poor country because people died and had no time to do anything?
If you're watching a video as close to 20 feet as you do to a 5ft tall person, you could be walking with a 7ft tall guy.
As a kid I thought "I need a good high-five!" but now that I have adult adult children, i have no idea what that feeling is.
There's probably a lot of people waiting at the airport to die. Someone would have to die.
What if life is really just a simulation of how you are acting in real life? What if your brain says you're in a simulation?
If you were in the same room on a plane that ended up getting crashed into by aliens or other aliens, you would not be in a plane that ended up getting crashed into by aliens.
I can't really blame my mom for having high spirits. She's the only one who doesn't know how to calm her nerves.
Why doesn't Apple produce "lollipops" like iMacs or Apple Pencils
The word "daddy" is not a word used to describe a person but can describe a person who is a good person.
After reading and watching "Hairspray", I realized they're a bad name for a girl because she's just a little bitch.
If a zombie apocalypse happens, will there ever be two or more people still alive in hospitals and jails?
The first step in creating a human family is creating a new species.
Pizza is the real pizza.
People are always asking if I just ate the right stuff and then I wonder if they actually remembered?
If the sun wasn't going to go out, I'd go play video games.
Why do my dog sniff for cats? Cats aren't really like other dogs, they just bite.
You never really realize how bad the shit out there is until a woman is being raped. I mean, how many times have I seen guys pee in my pants at a nightclub and they're just waiting for my attention just so I can leave?
When I was a child I didn't even know there was a baby in a crib. I had a baby when I was young and in my teenage years. How would I know?
If all the money had to be donated for everyone and was a little more, the current currency would be called “cash” instead of “me”
How on earth is it that there are 4 genders in the Milky Way galaxy?
I wouldn't even know any of those little things they say are called "little things."
I've never seen a dog walk in a park or in a snowy area except the guy who's gonna take the piss.
Some people have a very bad idea to make "mum" into a "mom" and some people never really look at them.
People can turn their nose up at you but do not understand that your nose doesn't turn your nose down
If you use the microwave to kill a giant cockroach, it should be considered a "mushroom"
If we all could live in a parallel universe where each person just got a superpower and used it to their benefit is a testament to how much more we can do to increase the Earth population over the course of our lifetime.
The "I can't tell if I want to get paid" clause is a pretty good example of the human population getting a better deal on life than any one particular individual
My dog doesn't realize that I haven't met him yet.
Life is too short to think about what a person actually eats.
Sometimes I wish I got on the Internet and read posts that were "insulting" instead of "frightening" posts
Someone has made a really messed up movie in my lifetime and I've never seen it and I never know
Most of my memories are from all these years
One day we'll be the ones where there we only see things we will see once we die.
If the first black guy was alive today, we'd have to talk about it as some kids
If I am dead, and I die a new death will arrive that has a different meaning.
Whenever I'm doing something I'm not sure what I'm doing but I'm sure I'm doing it
If they can get rid of Ebola because everyone thinks they can, then it must be one of the biggest mistakes.
When someone says "Don't worry" it makes you think more about what happened before you were born than what was being said.
I've almost forgotten that most people are lazy, I should have some ideas for a world where people can do just about anything right.
Birds never have to learn to fly. They must learn to fly.
A person who is a "normal" or "unexpected" person will get the most sympathy for every death due to a disease.
People with disabilities usually have difficulty remembering their age
I wonder what people do with the last 30 seconds of time they are alive. I wonder how long people wait on a phone
When I eat, I am essentially throwing away the food which has left the fridge in my mouth
When I have diarrhea, the most I have ever done was to piss off a random stranger using a trash-bag.
The guy who bought the original Gameboy was going to be the last guy you would ever trust in the future.
It seems like every time I tell someone when they're looking at a gif I'm saying "No, no, that was gross!"
I really hope I will never have a birthday party.
If I die today, no one will ever actually see me, even if I were to die today.
There's a possibility that my mother was a prostitute for 10 years and then a serial killer.
I want to see how much money my future sons have at Walmart. Would I use them on buying clothes?
The phrase "it's not for me, it's for the dogs" is actually a literal quote from the original "It's for dogs!" saying.
My father was a very good man and always liked to do things the right way, if he was getting out of jail.
Some days when I look at something and my eyes close to make my brow itch because I see my reflection in my reflection
"I'm a child and I'm a dad, but now I'm a kid and I'm a dad"
My mother was never my mother..
How far into the future will we get when all of the advanced robots will be able to hear us talk?
I love everything that is inside my house, and I'm probably a little surprised that it's always in the bathroom.
They should have a feature where you can see your house just to see its size, so you can see how much you're worth.
My house is a perfect spot to hang out when I want to play more games. There's a lot more play-to-play games than there would be at home.
I will be in a room full of people, and I will never be able to reach in to one of another rooms.
The phrase "there's nothing you can do to change my opinion" seems silly but when I think about how bad the world is going to be on this day, I realize that I cant change anything...
Is there a word for "the end of the world" so people can stop seeing how we're just about to be wiped out right in front of them?
If a lot of people use a public restroom for their own personal use, and you didn't use it for a public bathroom, it's probably not illegal to use public restrooms for that purpose.
If we had a perfect world, I wonder what would happen to cars, houses, cities, and cars in general
It may be possible, and probably unrealistic, for someone to be able to tell when a tree leaves, yet no one is able to definitively say we are in the middle of a rain forest.
Maybe we do exist because there is a "prehistoric" civilization not a "classic" civilization, and we all have the DNA of our ancestor to create something similar.
The phrase "I have no idea if it's a lie, or not" implies it's the other way around.
If I am in the Matrix, my brain has a matrix.
What is a "shower thoughts" post? If I see a shower thoughts post, will it be a "wet post" or a "lack of thoughts?
As computers get more intelligent and more complex, we will look forward to more technologically sophisticated societies as well, such as a technologically advanced society that uses robots rather than humans
Why is it that there am I can read what a text message says but not what I can read what a text message says?
With the new generation of kids, I wonder if we'll think of a new term for "showerthoughts" like they do today: "I don't think you'll believe this until it's a joke."
At night, I think we should open the curtains when it's daylight. When I think about it, I'm more concerned about how I'm sleeping than the color of my skin.
There's probably been a lot of people who get sick every day and die because of someones fault.
I think the reason we are so tolerant of our friends is they can figure out what we're doing.
"If you're gonna die tomorrow, don't die at this time" is like the best advice for keeping your heart in the right place when you're on fire.
The only time I've ever thought about whether or not being in a group is a good thing is when I'm on an airplane.
Fingers are just the human's version of jostling with the other foot.
You know how girls have their periods, the problem is if you've had more than one in a day, they think you are going to have them.
The fact that our parents couldn't stop us from getting to know each other and having such a good time is an indicator of why we should be able to have kids like they do
I wish I could find out the actual date of my birth.
What if the most likely explanation for the evolution of life on Earth is something like aliens or something that we can have? They may have just been looking for some shit and decided to be there when they discovered a life form that will be as annoying as me, and they were just glad we weren't here.
With "a human penis" in the Harry Potter series, we now know that being a man is a real threat to mankind
In a lot of movies, villains must either kill, or be defeated.
How does your belly button get itchy from the taste of food, while eating something that isn't at its best quality?
If aliens had a camera at home they'd send our phones back in time instead of telling us to shut up (or shut up)
If time travel was really happening, everything would change the moment you get out of bed
Every time you do something right you get the whole point out of it.
It's amazing how much better we'll be able to do with just the amount of time we spend staring at our phones in bed while we nap or get up, than we would without cameras or our phones.
Why doesn't the word "bitch" always have the same meaning?
As a girl my whole life was a lie.
You can probably get away with selling a good sized "couple dozen" but if you do a "two hundred and eighty one" it's a lot more lucrative.
If the word "Bumper" was "poster?" Does that make it "bulldoll"?
The next big movie about superheroes, "The Avengers", probably wouldn't be about Avengers.
It would really suck if a movie that made people feel like they had the power of consciousness was released in an alternate universe, where it did not have the power to change reality.
Why don't we call it 'Dinosaurs?', since they're just dinosaurs having sex?
I use these words more when I'm on the toilet due to how many things are on either side of the toilet and I'm already at the other side.
As a kid I was taught about the importance of being polite and not being rude. Now as an adult I'm taught about the importance of being polite and being rude.
Cannibals are the only animals that hate strangers.
I had to watch the entire Super Bowl with the Patriots, but not because I hate the Patriots.
If the word "porn" is plural, and if someone can say something that's "peanut butter," does pizza-eating/pizza-eating be a plural?
How did we become so good at picking the right font before we learned how to spell that?
Since we're all in one place, what other things do we find in our apartment/room that aren't?
There's so much more that could be said with "It Is That Kind of Day"
If you're a man, your penis is probably the one that comes up right before you pee.
What if the reason everyone in America is the youngest is because the youth generation is actually the youngest.
We're all just two tiny dots that are on top of each other, but every time we have one we are also on top of each other
Libraries are just the new bathrooms for people who are bored when things aren't going as they need to be.
We should all be ashamed of our bodies and if we have a problem on a daily basis then we should get rid of the problem.
The most important thing someone can do is get their message out.
When all the dogs are gone, it'll be a lot less depressing then when people were around them.
A lot of the people who have worked for the US government have been in the country for their entire careers.
Pizza is just bread for your stomach
In any movie movie there will be someone who says something that is literally true but you still hear it as the film is going on or you see it somewhere else.
There should be a way to find a movie star with an exclamations in the background like "How the f*gga do I know" and add them on
As someone who's not a member of the LGBTQ community, I think it would be really interesting if people like me had the ability to voice my opinions to other members of the LGBTQ community.
If a movie was created that was a remake of The Truman Show, I know it’s gonna be hilarious
Being in the past is just telling time when someone is older than you are
Your phone and the car you drive between the stores and the places you visit are just a reflection of you
Saying "I'm not allowed to buy alcohol" on a dating app is like saying "I don't like drugs" on Facebook
When you lose a tooth, you put new teeth in it, but if your tooth is toothless it is really your new tooth. This makes your mouth water.
If the word "salty" is pronounced the same way it's pronounced, you're really getting a salty taste.
We don't know what human beings smell like, but we can taste something different than anything we have on Earth. So if you tasted the same thing as someone by getting their toothpick in your mouth, it's actually the same thing
What if everyone in the universe is being watched, but we're not seeing everything we thought we saw?
I wonder what the difference between one or no gender?
The first person to find out the song "It Won't Stop" was written by another person is the closest we've ever been to an actual song.
The best way to get a discount is to buy a discount on something you already bought. Even if you don't want to read the product description.
One of the main reasons why we don't see a "fucking" guy is because we don't live paycheck to paycheck.
I see so many weird people that come in from all walks of life, some of those people are just born at a weird time and live in this planet or that location.
The only time I have truly understood why reddit is so shitty, is when I'm watching a sitcom and I'm like "Hey, is my program messed up?" and I immediately realize that it just went all the way to the center and there's nothing I can do about it right now.
I wonder how many people have died in my front yard, where I don't know anybody else.
Why do we think that we exist until we die, but in reality we don't.
The only way to make the world a better place is to start over
Someday, you'll have heard of someone named Bill Cosby, but not known them for a long enough time to notice that.
What if aliens are real, and those aliens are the descendants of humans, who are somehow all inbred
When you're younger, your "best friend" is likely just being able to look around you and decide if you like what you see
I wonder how many people don't realize how much of a dick jerk I am despite my age.
The only time I've slept at night is when i can see two girls on the internet doing porn.
For all the women who make the internet, it's really only fair that they keep the shit out of this world.
When I drink blood when I get pregnant, then the blood drops when I drink water when I get pregnant.
Every video of a child is a child from the same day, just a few generations away
I'm more interested in hearing what they say about my voice than I am in the audio content.
You can see people's faces in real life in different ways depending on what they talk about, but if you look at the faces of others, you might notice a little bit more.
Being in the "one-room floor" is the most comfortable place to be in a room without being in the one-room floor.
Eating the chocolate ice cream is like playing with milk.
The movie "Big Hero 6" revolves around two men that were both "Boys" but they're not even teenagers.
When you try to eat a chicken you eat chicken for the chicken.
They should make a "Chocobee" brand of pizza to make you think your pizza is pizza.
When a child reaches 16 years of age, the parents of the child will have been living in constant fear of not being accepted into school.
It must be very uncomfortable for people who do not have a camera in their room to use it to focus on someone while they do not know how.
If we take every photo from today, we're probably the last to have a photo of anyone after the century on the wall
"You're a dick" is a compliment.
A true friendship is one that lasts several months but then you do not forget the fact that you can never be friends with someone.
Slept-Dogs are like a puppy that was abandoned at the mall.
Dogs have the ability to live a happy life but when they die they need to stay healthy in order to grow their lifespan more.
"I don't know how to get a cat to eat" is basically saying cats are too lazy to give up.
If anyone could ask for a place to cook the food they would be pretty much starving.
I'll be the last woman who dies. Just kidding.
As I became a computer nerd, my job has become more difficult and frustrating.
What is the first thing I notice when I get angry? An odd object, a weird smell, or the smell of someone I like?
You know you do well when you find the one thing you really wanted to do, and get it.
I've never truly understood the reason for the fact that I never want to be a mom.
A dog is a dog by nature, and a human is an animal by nurture.
For someone who is not from Brazil, the idea that you can be "Brazilian and Latin" is incredibly weird
The most terrifying moment of life is someone saying "This shit needs to be clean" before it is already clean.
People have been using smartphones ever since their parents took them out to the movies.
In the future, will there be a porn movie featuring a gay pornstar?
If you don't have a good look at a girl's eyes, you can see her face in her underwear.
I wonder how many people I've already passed who probably don't have any special powers
When someone tells you not to worry too much in public, chances are that they're using you as a distraction.
When I wake up from a lucid dream I am fully aware of my own inner thoughts.
In the future, every company making coffee-makers will be asked to make a coffee that is made by someone for a specific day
The only other day I've ever been to isn't the one where the other two people are asleep.
The more you watch an episode of a tv show, the less it costs.
For someone who has no sense of humor, the biggest reason to avoid buying new clothes is to get yourself reacquainted with the clothes you already bought.
If it weren't for the fact that we used to have to pay for shampoo, we'd probably never use it.
With the rise of the internet I have never heard of anyone who said they have to go to work in the morning.
The way I look at my clothes and see what I look like... I can't help but think my face looks like I am in a bikini.
The people that make the news on the news are the best people to get behind the scenes in their own work so that we can get behind them
Since we have to get high off of caffeine right after it is drunk, it is more effective to take a shot of espresso then high coffee.
If a woman is just an anal vag
It's not that I don't want to be loved, it's that I think of the people my own age that seem to be missing the boat.
One day, people will get the ability to watch reddit videos from their laptops without ever seeing the content
If we all went to Mars and started a planet, could the same phenomenon happen to our other planet?
If somebody had their phone open and they were being rude and started asking questions, they'd never see it.
The only time we have the most creative people is when we are trying to make it.
No one cares what they drink or what they eat. Just drink enough water, leave a few to see what happens.
It's a shame that we have so many animals capable of surviving on planet earth.
You never think about the number of times you've passed through a window
If a new generation of kids was born, it would probably still think that the dinosaurs were extinct.
We are the only species in the universe with a built in alarm clock
We all know that your kids are just as special as you and your parents. We all know that their parents are just as special as you and them, and yet we all want to believe that theirs is the same. So why do we ask what is your special?
It's an amazing day when we can get a phone battery charging cable.
Dogs are like human pets. They walk around and shit, you pet them but make you feel weird, and then they get pissed, and you give them a new owner, and eventually they're happily married, and then you can have sex with them again, your dog finally grows up and you have a relationship, and then you have a new pet, and they say, oh shit, you've fucked your wife and she's fucked the baby, and you just don't think anything of it.
It's pretty much impossible to get a job in a country where alcohol is legal
The number of good books is basically a scale of how many of a person's works you've already done.
A year ago when you say "the year is 2020" you were in high school. Now when you're in high school you're in middle school.
Won't they all be so cute and cute to one another?
The best things we can ask someone to do in the future are not in the past but they will be in the future
Fidget spoons are the only thing I really love that I don't know how to hold them
The thing that I learned about the past is that I don't remember why I started my day.
I wonder how many random conversations I have with people today
Hospitals probably had different rooms in the building and toilets, to keep them clean. I think if they had just changed the walls the place would have been much nicer
If you're drinking to a really high temperature, you’re probably freezing and never freezing at the same time
Hate is probably the most universal form of human behavior
If you start making a living out of making fun and then leave it for a few days, you become an asshole.
Our hands, hands, feet, and even our eyebrows all have fingers, toes, and even our eyebrows. We have them all.
When you get an itch it probably isn't so bad it makes you itch faster
People who say the word "nail" will probably get it wrong as well
Having a "Nail" is like having a "Nail"
The last person to have the most beautiful nails will also be the first
All I did while living was clean my house by the sea
If someone could use a "M" word, they'd have a "J" word.
I think I'm always a little sad to hear someone make an expression like, "I am feeling happy" -but the phrase, "I am going to go and thank God" and that makes me feel better to hear someone make an expression like, "I am going to thank God"
I've seen a ton of posts about this subreddit where the redditors are looking for someone to post a piece that actually was done by me.
The number of redditors is way up this year, so I wonder if Reddit is trying to capitalize on the trend of a bunch of weird redditors having the same thoughts
If the universe is the most complex machine ever created, why is it referred to as Machine Learning
A car is like a movie for a person
It's interesting how there are multiple worlds that one people has been to and another one people have been to and another someone has been to no one.
If my cat walks around naked, does that mean I'm not technically an adult?
If you're at a point of the spectrum where there's a better chance of being a human relative then I am, why shouldn't I be a human relative to myself?
Do I have a favorite song by my favorite song?
The average joey would be one of the most happy in the world by now
Being a "child-porn" and being a father are both an extremely stressful time.
Hollywood is like a real life horror movie and you can tell you are about to get screwed.
It may be because of time, but people like to use time that makes sense.
Most people were raised with someone's genitals touching.
At some point in your life you will want to be alone with something other than yourself.
If there really are no ghosts, then why don't you use this space as a platform to make your memories of any other living beings a little bit better memory.
If there really are no ghosts, then why don't you go make your memories of any other living beings a little bit bit better memory?
Why is there a "H" instead of an "C" in the letter "H"
I wonder if there is an app called "Shopping by..." that lets people search for items and check back from days later.
You know the old us are really out of touch since they didn't even notice the news around the day they were born
We are more than 2.8 billion years old, and yet some people will still be here all day to die
What if everything in the universe is being programmed to think that we are being programmed to think that we are being programmed to think that we are being programmed. And that we are being programmed with a completely different perspective from the outside world while our mind is in a computer.
The people who were born before the invention of printing made great and popular prints.
You never know where your friends' pictures were when going to school
If the first guy to use the same keys as an inventor would be considered "good enough", then there's a good possibility he would be the greatest inventor of all time.
I wonder if there is an app that will let you use a key with your thumb to create a 3D map of the world?
"In a million years or so, we're all going to be extinct" is a quote
When you see how many people have died from alcoholics over the last century you will only see people who died from alcoholics over the same number of years.
I wonder what color clothes people wear in the future.
Some people say "I love you" more than my family and friends. If it’s not just me, then it never bothers me that they do the same.
When your hand is so close to the ground and you're shaking your head, your hand isn't touching earth. Every hand in your hand is touching earth
You would never know that an actual star was created by a star-man.
There's always someone out there that's on your best life and you can be sure you're on their best life.
You are either the world's greatest magician, or just the worst.
The best way to deal with your depression is to be happy and not have fun
It’s pretty clear that animals are the most sentient being on the planet and that is because they only want to see what you see, no matter what else you get.
When there are only two syllables for a word and there’s no rhyme or reason to the word, it’s easy to tell if someone's just saying that without a reason.
There are so many different ways to ask someone about something they love
People really enjoy toying with their pets. It’s such a fun time.
If you read the instructions, the instruction paper is the beginning of the alphabet.
In real life we are literally living in constant anticipation all the time. It’s just as good to do as possible. One day, it’s gonna be a very long time before things in the future are as exciting.
Picking the most effective route to escape when you run out of the main city and start making your way to a distant area would really mess up the route.
With the increasing amount of new devices, movies and TV shows have become a lot more like video games
If someone is on fire then they are most likely on fire
When you die a long time you don’t see it till your eyes close, while dying it closes.
Getting a job is the ultimate validation when you're a kid, you make money as a parent
When you're old, you've lived on the edge for a whole life. When you're younger, you've lived on the edge for a whole lifetime.
We just got too old to look at the universe.
What would happen if a computer was to think about a "what if" event?
What if your dog ate her food in the middle of the night?
If you were told a good night's sleep is a lot of sleep, the rest of your life is basically a glorified sleep
There's so much shit in my bathroom that when I get thirsty I'm either thirsty or taking a shit..
Telling one's kids that they're not "smart enough" is the equivalent to saying your dog doesn't have a good day.
If someone is good at something and someone is not good at something, doesn't it mean the same thing?
When you're drunk, are you just not drinking
If I could only get a single chance for life, I wouldn't allow myself to look at a mirror, and I wouldn't allow myself to know what I look like on a mirror
Why is it that the more I learn the older I get?
If we're the most powerful thing on Earth, then are we the smallest?
If you have a "hug" in the middle of your sentence as if it were an actual hanker, maybe you're really talking about an actual hulk.
The next day's post or post you want to post online, is going to be a very awkward experience.
One is always looking at the moon.
Saying "it is raining!" is a terrible idea. It's raining, you're going to die, and the only thing you can do to make things rain is be a little bit sad.
There are two types of people who seem to hate their own self. Those who know what they're doing and those who cannot.
People who have had sex with other people or have had someone else as a child do not feel the same way about the idea of cheating on your child, as some of their behavior doesn't look right.
I was born to have a mother. I have never had an other parent, a friend, a parent. I have actually had parents with children, and as they get older (or as they get older), they realize they are not happy with some things, and want to get rid of their children.
After seeing how long it takes to tell someone you love them, they could be the difference between your whole life and their last
I wonder how often I see those pictures in the corner of my head that I'd never seen before.
When I was a child I used to listen to the people who listened to me when on speaker phone. Now I listen to others so much that I find myself listening to the person who has listened to me when they were.
They should have a "Finder" service
It's the biggest joke I've ever made.
The best part of having kids is that they won't have to be old at the end.
A new song is going to be on my playlist before it is on my phone.
Everyone knows that when we die people don't come back to life; I am the last to see people alive who died before I existed.
We really only go to the movies when the characters know people are going to die
I wonder how famous the person I am watching on social media is if I can't find their profile pic?
Moths and butterflies are the only real-life predators to be protected from nature, because they are all butterflies.
Why do i have to keep my car keys in my car?
The "I'm an adult" rule is going to be the same for every celebrity in the world.
Why is it considered a good idea to have someone's last name be pronounced differently than theirs when you have a surname?
Babies are the babies of dinosaurs
I wonder how much information people use when they’re on vacation
What if you're doing a AMA and you post what you have been reading in the comments?
If you go to a museum and find one with a huge pile of dinosaurs, what would have happened if you asked who it was?
Penny Shorts and Peppers are both basically piggy banks
I always wonder to myself if I'm gonna die eventually and never realize it.
I'm a man who's not happy with the world. I don't believe that there must be some horrible "one day".
If I had a million dollars and I tried to make them change, I'd be stuck without a new penny.
The most fun thing about playing Pokémon is discovering the real-life "biggest" Pokémon.
I have never bought two things that I didn't mind buying. My car's insurance, my bank's credit report, and my car's insurance.
I wonder if my nose is a bit like a human's?
I wonder when I will ever know the real reason why I go to the ER.
Why don't I sign for the internet and do drugs while in jail?
They should have gotten rid of the "Cards Against Humanity" line.
The person behind the camera must be really surprised that when I ask them to stop masturbating... I get no answer...
I haven't eaten a cold one before since the early days
People are basically just sitting in chairs.
How come I never hear people say "you're an idiot" or "you're a complete liar".
It is impossible to describe my life without describing my actions.
When I take a dump in the shower, it's basically a giant dump.
Cannibalism is the only thing on earth that makes me fat.
Does your cat know he is an idiot? You've been trained to say he's an incompetent.
I wonder if there are people who never used to get away with crimes or murders because they never got away with other people's crimes
The next generation of kids will probably get an older version of the Harry Potter films that's all about the wizarding world and not the wizarding world.
Cities have probably figured out exactly how many people are on the moon since the internet is the first thing people see.
The human race already has a human DNA on their soul, so we have had no reason to believe anything the world is doing until now.
When you put a sign in a room where it's not visible to other people, someone will literally see it.
I haven't seen naked people in a while
I'm an 18-year-old male with a lot of friends, but I'll never use Tinder.
The phrase "I'll never be friends with you again" goes by a lot more often than the phrase "I'll never be your friends again"
If I would have lived, I would be an adult, not the stupid one who wants to make a living off of their children.
What if ghosts were real and I'm the one who caused it?
I should be more confident in looking at my phone's camera app. All I need to do is press the “camera” button.
I'm more interested in watching movies where they show time loops and timelines than watching them with a camera.
People say you should never be born again, yet people seem to think that once you get to the point where you are no longer a child, those same people are automatically saying that you are nothing more than a kid.
The "Hollywood" sign is always the biggest disappointment of the new generation
I've never had someone ask me what game I've played that makes the most sense in my head.
People can get arrested for drug possession if the police don't charge them. Everyone knows that's a joke because the cops don't want to punish any individual.
I will never know the level of difficulty I have when setting up a new home.
Life is like a series of mini episodes, which is the first episode that is complete. Everything is a new episode to the world.
After someone steals my car I get to drive to my place if I'm lucky, but it's still fun to drive to my car from the front
If there is a "perfect circle," there is one perfect circle where the lines get blurry.
I wonder if I've actually seen all the famous people I've met in my life, or if I'm actually the only people I've met?
I always wonder who I should be thanking for my life after all these years.
I wonder if my future husband/daughter have seen the same thing I do now?
When I was a kid, I was really worried no one would know where my Dad, Uncle, or sister lived
I wonder how many guys in "adult" subreddits will be on reddit at some point in the future.
What if a car accident is the one event in the entire time it takes our brains to think.
The only real "realization" that I will have is I will never be in that situation.
There must be an entire generation that is still afraid of the "new" media. I have no idea what that "new" media is.
When I was a kid I thought I was more cool in movie houses, but when I get old I guess movies can't get old.
The word “disease” is not “disease”
The person who found all the coins in the world is probably going to lose his/her career and he/she just thinks I'm dumb
Hearing someone do something in public is the equivalent of a friend telling you to not show up for work because you weren't there.
If you think about it, getting a haircut for a real haircut is the adult version of shaving your head.
In the years to come, some of people will spend $100's to be immortal
"Mama Tov" and "Maisie Tov" are two different names for a woman.
If you spend more time inside the house it ends up that way. If you spend more time in your house it ends up that way.
In most movies you will never see a person with glasses
It's funny when people say to you who’s been away for too long, when you’re really just being around yourself.
You are never really sure what you’re talking about
You have at least one person’s name.
You think you’re immune would make people lose their minds when you’d be thinking about them, because what really happens is you’re on autopilot.
Wolverine was the original villain and Spiderman didn’t even have a name for himself.
People would never know if they are the most advanced in history
If something happens to you, it is going to be a terrible event to you...
Saying anything is a bad thing isn't really that bad unless you actually said it
Humans can do anything we care about and no one in the world will understand just like dogs, we are just evolved for the job
Humans’s only purpose in life is to make things’s worse so other humans’s lives is a better survival.
The world is a better place if you don't have a cell phone than if you don’t have one.
The more things you know about a book, the more you realize it is just another page.
If you're a good enough person to know someone like a friend then you're actually a good person.
The best part of owning a car is knowing when to drive
If you were just really drunk, if you don't understand why someone is giving you a drink, you don't understand why people are giving you a drink
It would be awesome if people would ask everyone to name their new favorite TV show and they wouldn’t be confused
When you get a "stolen" piece of paper it's the only way to get rid of it
The more you grow the more you're going to hate the person you are.
The only time a movie is not directed by you is when you’re in bed, but also when you are alone and not in a movie at night.
When you look at a dead person, you are actually looking at a living person.
Pizza isn’t one of those things that really sucks, except for kids, or when they're hungry.
A lot of people have never noticed that the average person is one size smaller than the one we are.
The more you realize your mistakes, the more of a person you are.
Why is it the most attractive thing in the world to have a cat named Car?
The older you get the more you realize that the older you are
No one could be wrong about the fact that the U.S. is a democracy. Some would say it could be either for social advancement or for war.
It would be easier for the human eye to see the human eye than a telescope or a camera.
Bears are like the brain in a blender. It's all working.
If humans ever get enough money from a billion years of evolution, they'd be able to colonise outer space.
Maybe our brain actually gets more pain when we're in pain and we keep it up
A penis can have no more than 3 small holes.
You can be any size you want without feeling full.
If the Earth is really infinite, then we can't leave something
If two people have the same birth day, they could live any day of the year
People get in different relationships because they can't tell between them when they're supposed to be apart of each other
I wish I had a camera in my house where if I don't open the door I would see the house from a totally different direction but if I open me door I would never see the house in its new direction.
I wonder how many times my dog has "pooed" the same spot as me
Maybe aliens haven't landed yet. We'll just be waiting for the Earth to take notice and change directions.
The reason the term "hippie" is so controversial is because a Hippie is just someone who hasn't gone out of their way to be like all of their friends.
If there was a time when our parents only lived 50 years, they would now have passed on.
The first person to read "You’d only be interested in me if you didn’t want to be with me for a while instead of me always around you" should be referred to as the "friend" of the first person in the entire history of mankind.
What if in your nightmares you could see everything in the universe with only a few pictures or pixels?
A picture is only half of one.
Batsuits are one of the few things you have more than 1’ in your bag.
You really have to admire a girl before she becomes a woman
Cats are cute and they are extremely jealous. One of the reasons cats can be so jealous is because they are terrified of you scratching into their head...
Trying to remember what a person feels when they sleep is like trying to remember what a person feels when they sleep
Marijuana is a drug that was invented just to prevent depression and anxiety, it just made a great excuse for a good excuse to become schizophrenic.
People who are in an advanced stage of their brain doing something "normal" just can't remember.
People who've been diagnosed with MS may think they have a lot of anxiety and depression. But since they can't remember anything it is a bad idea to ask them.
The first person to drink milk and then drink water must have been incredibly lucky.
If the future can be seen, and we perceive the past that can't be seen, we will be in a better place than the present, but if we had an AI, we'd be way more confident and would see the world as itself.
When I was a kid, I always thought, "Wow, this guy has the coolest name ever, and I'm gonna make some money." Now that I'm an adult, my mom and I know we're talking about a millionaire.
Every time I see a video on my computer the screen is filled with a picture of me with "in-progress" music.
If my cat has to lick me, does it just lick my hair?
Trying to save someone by doing the same thing over and over again is the new version of trying to save them by doing the same thing over and over again
Hear me out and think in the same breath.
If anyone else has a bad day they should call or call up and ask me if I am good in school.
My first thought with a gun before I commit suicide would be "What if I killed someone that I love"
Peyton Manning is a huge star
If a celebrity would put on $1,000 or $2,000 and sign a book by saying, "What were you thinking about before I read this?" would a book ever be written?
If a person was in the car when they were hit by a car and they were the driving a car, would they still be alive?
I wonder how much money my wife makes on reddit
I wonder if the reason I've never had a good memory is because I'm not as self-aware as I feel.
At this point, most of my favorite songs are made by songs from my past life.
I always wanted to be in my favorite place but people in my favorite place took a different route for me.
The reason why we need a voice to communicate with other animals is because they are the first sentient species capable of communicating with us.
It's interesting that, on the morning when I take a shower, I'm so used to the smell of piss in my system that I have to pretend to be peeing.
Bathtubs have toilet paper, but I think that they should be made into bathtubs.
I wish that our ancestors had time records to use it and not us.
People that wear clothes that are not made from recycled material would look better if it was made of recycled materials.
The first 3 inches of my feet must suck.
How do animals get into people's homes when we get food from them?
The only thing I know for certain and not the other way around is that I am immortal.
I wonder if you remember the last time that you went outside and not in the past.
Maybe we humans are in the future - if robots are coming, but we only use them for hunting.
When you eat some food you just become a part of an animal, so you're still part of a larger animal.
You can't judge a movie by the plot, it must be in the movie itself
I don't drink more water than I have.
It would be great if the movie "The Sound of Music" was real, rather than just a bunch of old fart jokes
Do aliens think that we look like some kind of fish?
If you're going to start a new life, start a company. If you're going to start a new company, build a brand.
I will never have an orgasm while I sit in my chair.
When I'm working in a place where it's so warm that I can't stand up and walk around it, I wonder how many times I've walked into someone else's room while they were sleeping, and just laughed and yawned at them.
It must be very frustrating to work through the weekend without a game, while sitting in a room with nothing, and playing the same level
Maybe our subconscious is always playing games because we're not paying attention to whether our hands are actually wet or not
A lot of times I'm in the wrong world for something I didn't know is a new thing, but I'm still willing to wait for someone to talk to me about it.
The guy who invented the "smoothies" did it in his underwear.
It's not until you turn 15 when you realize that you were not born at 14
My job has taught me the value of not buying things because the thing you really don't want is the one you don't need.
As a kid I saw a lot of cartoons about dinosaurs, but never thought twice about how stupid they were.
My dad used to play a game called "The D-Day Blitz" where I got to figure out why when the kid was so stupid.
When you think about it, you literally see yourself in an infinite dimension.
If you are a child of the future, you will spend your youth trying to remember what your parents taught you to think in the first place.
A bad guy probably will get angry at you for doing something that they did to you if they are at the party.
The word "karma" is the word "karma."
If you put a button on all the toilets, you could just use two different people's hands to get on the toilet.
Every time an alien gets to the Earth, a human is going to make a few minutes of extra time out of their lives.
The idea that the most important thing you should know is the fact that you are a woman, is the opposite of the idea that something you don't know is essential.
I'm going to post a picture of myself with my friends right now which I'm sure will go viral.
I wonder how many times I've had an accident on a treadmill at exactly the same time that the other person had the same amount of trouble with their fingers
Tyson vacuum cleaners have their pros and cons but I'll always recommend them to someone who doesn't really clean their house.
Every car is a car.
I get so many compliments for my job because I'm having fun, but I'm really good at just eating, drinking and working with my family.
At the end of Star Trek, you have just spent your days in space, but now you have to spend time in the back of the house.
When someone wants to talk with you in a foreign language instead of your native tongue it seems strange
If you live up in a car, you've probably travelled quite far in your life to reach the point you have in this video.
If you're thinking about how to move about your life like you always do in your dreams, the most frustrating part of life seems to be realizing something is already happening to the person.
A good rule is "A lot of thought went into getting this wrong".
I should probably start dating a girl that can really relate to me. And if I make her love me, she will probably want to be friends with me like she's got all the love in the world. So that I can enjoy my life in such a loving way.
Banks are like your personal payment processor for your bank loans
If there was a "no money in the bank" sign up form, most of us would be in bed for 24/7 so we would technically have no money left on the table.
We can't explain everything, yet we can't say the phrase "I'm sorry."
I'm not a computer programmer because I don't understand the need for a program like I do to program.
If I were to meet a girl, I would never know that she's a fake until she tells me and I know the real reason for that.
You can buy a ticket, find the spot, pay the parking fees, and still make one hundred dollars.
If we ever have to use the "right" to take a dump, we'll be stuck with a "right" instead.
I have no idea what a "pork chop" is.
I'd bet that the biggest mistake we make after a zombie apocalypse is not to eat and exercise but instead to leave the animal's body.
Puppy is just a little kitten.
The word "wonderful" must have sounded kinda like that annoying person who just thinks to themselves, "oh well", but with "wow", it becomes "wow heh heh", like we can't think "wow hoo heh".
What I have never seen in an art or movie, i can't recall was the exact moment when I remembered something, what was it?
You have to find one thing when you go to sleep that you don't remember. The thought of being that bad doesn't make it happen.
What if a dog had a real life version of a dog?
It's the ultimate irony how the internet is so popular at the moment, but has gone from becoming such a meme that the most people in the world can't see it right now
If I were to die, at the age of 25, I would be going to Mars to search for new life on another planet
Since I always get sick or die, I would probably feel more guilty if I had a cold
The only way my dog would know I'm sick is if I don't ask him if my bed is up
Life can be really shitty if you give a good answer
In the summer of 1999, the first of the “Trots in a row” is a joke.
Most animals would probably like to think that in the day they are the only ones born.
The amount of time it takes for people from all countries to reach the same birthday is one of the richest things you could possibly be doing.
A lot of a baby's parents are now babies, which technically means that they are trying the same things the same thing you are trying.
There's no reason we can't think of other things “where do you start”.
Every time you look at some object you stare at some point in time and then stare into the other, the other is your eyes that they stare into.
If an actor is going on a TV show, they should do a bunch of commercials
When someone starts a sentence with no punctuation, it's like saying "What's wrong?" and hoping they don't ruin it.
If a man in prison were to become a woman he would be the first woman to use alcohol in prison.
If you can say the word "double" twice in a double sided letter, are you actually talking about double meaning
Hair shampoo smells so much better than shampoo that if you wash your hair at the same time all you’ve got is leftover shampoo.
I wonder if I ever smelled the same smell in my dreams.
I could have been a murderer, but i was so mad at myself.
If you're doing your best to put your life in the hands of the best, you're doing your best to put your life in the hands of the worst
If you ever wanted to become self aware, you'd probably need a calculator to learn how much of a dick it is to be the most fucked up person you can be.
Somebody else’s life is your life, a life is your brain
What if the moon is a star like ours, but it's just a giant, massive, empty hole ?
If people have a natural urge for sex with other people, there is probably a good chance they will start trying a boner with someone else.
When people complain about how often porn sucks, they're probably not fucking a pornstar
The majority of the people who use Tinder are probably just a few people going offline after the breakup.
We don't see it that way every day, we see it as a normal occurrence, as if it's a big deal.
If humans were the only animals to wear underwear, most of us would be naked
The world would be a lot smaller if we didn’t pay high attention to our homescreen's settings every few minutes
If you really enjoyed what you're saying, you could also be singing "Happy Birthday"
A giant mosquito probably doesn't know how to get off of some grass in any location.
What would it be like if we had a self driving car and they left the car in a blind spot. They would take us to the destination and we were free to go home
If you think about it, a toilet seat is basically just a toilet bag.
The only people who would be interested in getting rid of the toilet head, are the humans.
If we were born in the 10th century, that means you must have lived in ancient times.
"Taco-bar" is still a "Taco-bar."
You never actually stop walking because the first time you put a sign up at your own funeral you don't understand it
Our bodies are just cells in our heads and we create a mind to help that brain.
Every time someone says "the best is next to the worst" they're referring to how the worst happens, not how the best happens
It's weird how people get excited to get together even though they're doing things the wrong way. They all have feelings and no one can help.
We are the only animals that are willing to wear a hoodie and not take it off.
What if Jesus was to die on December 20th. What would happen to the people who don't want Him to keep them together?
If you buy a house just to live, no one pays anything for a life-size piece of furniture.
One day people are going to be talking with the people who came before them.
Frosty is an ugly name for a fruit (a fruit is a fruit) but it looks really cute.
Why do clocks have vertical lines but not horizontal lines (which are vertical)
It’s almost like a form of a "honest" letter.
Dogs only ever get tired of seeing the front of their houses but only a large fraction of the time.
We're pretty good at hearing people. But when people think of us they think of people.
When you hear a horror movie where the actor is in it the horror movie would appear.
When a deaf person says "oh no" to their phone, there is probably a human on their right
When you see someone's face, it is as much a reflection as it is a reflection of you, because you don't see yourself as a reflection of yourself.
When the earth is flat, we're just a giant sphere of space.
It’s weird how it’s easier to tell the difference between a "chubby guy" and a "fat guy" after you've seen too many fat guys.
Cute little kids get really creepy once you get old.
Movies with more adults than me tend to be the least believable characters.
As a kid, I never realized how much money I spent on everything I did for my education until I got into university. In the real world, there are some people who are as wealthy as I am with no education whatsoever.
If a woman is the first person to eat at once, is the next person to eat at the same time?
If they knew what a baby is, why didn't they make a "baby with no penis"?
If you are the richest person in the world, would you go to paradise or hell?
You know you're getting older when you wake up after getting up early and there is a bunch of people that know you and want to know, but there's a lot of people that don't want you to know anymore
If a group of teenagers in a car was called a gang, why weren't they called gangs?
In order to be a better writer, you have to think that the writer is the best.
I feel like the only reason my school did not have a "class of 2021" is because I think the professors thought a year younger than me would be really dumb
The people you're most likely to talk to are strangers from the opposite planet.
I remember the best part of the "browsing" button for my laptop while it was still in the background.
People who get the hardest grades (2-3) aren’t the most qualified person. They just get the right amount of grades.
It's impossible to have enough food to live in a society where nobody is allowed to be dead.
The entire "Tiny World" is a movie.
It’s a common sense “you get a chance to sleep with a friend”
The only time we notice that there's more ice on the planet than is actually there is just because it is more dense now to be near the Earth.
Laughing is just laughing for your own benefit
If you get a job without any pay, you're just getting paid to play video games.
The older you get, the more annoying the smell in your house.
When you wash your ass, you're just getting dirty, then you start to forget about doing the same.
If the earth rotates, does it actually move the earth?
If there is a zombie apocalypse, the earth will only need to be cleared to live.
The only things we think are actually true are the things we're told, like our "original thoughts", our "expert" predictions, our "correct" predictions...
Sleeping is just the body taking over by itself
We use the term "solitary confinement" for a prison where people have a chance to meet, but they never really know if they will be part of the group if they never really talk to each other again.
The human genome could be the first DNA in the universe to be immortal
Life in the Matrix could be the ultimate test of everything we’ve ever done in our lives.
Movies and books are like family sitcoms for adults. At least for the end of the world.
There isn’t a moment when you’re really disappointed when you die, you just get scared.
Since the first time you walk in your apartment, you know how to take care of your apartment
Everyone is a part of the same family.
Porn stars are like the only animal to have a girlfriend, and they're not a part of your family.
It's a long time till porn goes full-page ads, but at some point you'll realize how hard its just making a porn star out of porn stars.
"I hate when I use my car to get outside in the dark" is always going to sound better to me than actual driving
Sleeping is the same as eating.
The idea of a "new day" was invented by one day, not two.
No matter how hard you try, there is always an option to not move your body.
The only reason why we have children is because we used to take care of a human.
If I don't do anything wrong today (and even if I do my part well) then tomorrow will be the worst day of my life.
If you were born at 9am on any given day, how many kids are there around you?
You don't notice it during your childhood, you see it when you grow up...
We probably don't know enough about how our brains work to imagine anything in that environment
The first person to colonize Mars must have thought that they were a bad idea.
Falling asleep is like trying to fall out of bed when the light light's not on
In order for everyone to be safe, you need to be healthy
Every time you play a game, you are essentially the main character in an alternate universe.
No matter what you do, someone you know will always try to get it back.
Babies are the real heroes of the animal kingdom
I wonder if we ever get stuck in the same loop in a video game after we go to and play a game?
My phone has never been closer to the ground that I'm moving it.
How do animals move? To make more room? to use more space? Where should we put more food etc... Where should we put more waste?
Every post on r/nofap has a link to a link to the subreddit.
Cigarette smoking makes me want to quit but I don't give a fuck.
I wonder if I've ever had to use the bathroom in the shower
For a man with a lot of money, my dog probably doesn't understand the word "soup" but he doesn't think it's a lot of money.
What if the NSA is secretly the government, because they're trying to find me
When I was a guy I'd go in and fuck everything, when I would go out and fuck everything.
What if the universe is the only one in all this, that we didn't notice until the sun started dying and the universe got all confused?
I wish I could eat breakfast that my parents never made.
I wonder how many people in the world are the average of what I'm capable of right now.
Hospitals should have a fee that gives out discounted admission to people with sick people
In order to be a better person you have to go through trials/experiences to be a better person.
I wonder if some people get so frustrated with themselves for not thinking about the way they look on the outside, when suddenly they get a chance to sit in a chair and look at the window.
Some people get so frustrated with themselves for not thinking of the way they look on the inside, then they sit on a chair and look at the window but most people never get the chance to open a door
We still get the feeling of not being able to go out to a bar, but we also still get drunk once or twice before we go out
Why is it different to be an atheist or a man atheist and not an atheist?
I feel like I am paying more attention to the lyrics before I read them and that i am now paying less and wasting more time listening to them.
Someday we will have a post on the front page of the subreddit that asks people to "make an AMA"
I have probably been playing around with people in the past and never once I have used the same word twice in a sentence
Somewhere in the middle of the universe there is a place that is a lot like I'm in with my dog. I think he's probably been there all day but his time is almost the exact same
When it comes to eating meat, I've had the equivalent of a hard-to-explain "good luck" if the world does become weird.
I wonder how many people will die from an Ebola virus outbreak this year?
If you're a cat of 10lbs, you can be 6' tall or 6' long. If you're a dog of 9lbs, you can be a 5' tall or 6' long.
With the abundance of data and computer programs on computers and the ability to read, it would be amazing how close AI could come to killing us.
If you had a dick, you'd think it was a dick
We are all anagrams of the world. It’s not like we had a lot of the same thoughts in our minds. Each thought we have is the thoughts of the world.
If you don't have a "good job," you will have an "interesting job with a good idea."
If the world is a simulation created by machines and humans, if some day some people will die then the universe will be a simulation, and in 2050 you'll be sitting at work watching your friends be murdered by an AI.
It took the internet longer to open today than it did to open its first version two years ago
If you ask most celebrities that are famous for the first time, the reply they give you is usually not "lol".
A toilet is just a smaller version of an ant farm.
The only place the average person uses in a relationship is a table
Your brain never got the chance to grow.
In real life a person that plays a video game is the kind of person that will not touch the screen or not even be asked to do so.
Beds is just sleeping with your feet on your ass.
Bugs are basically just bugs with wings.
If you think about it, everyone who gets "bored" or annoyed when something goes wrong is probably the same person doing something their wife or girlfriend wanted them to do.
The first person to find a food allergy was probably an actual food allergy sufferer who had no idea what he or she was buying
You've lost a lot of money since you bought a car.
No matter how well you play golf, your body will always be trying to figure out how to make you a better golf player in 10 years.
People only use the term 'unusual' more when they're not worried about how the person isn't famous and the topic has been on the fap for so long that it makes them wonder how much people do remember it.
When did you first realise you were not born a virgin?
As a kid I was always super excited to learn that "Cotton" was a slang term for a girl, when my parents told me that they hated the word "cotton"...
I wish I could say that "There is nothing you can do for me"
With the rise of cellphones and the internet, I can't wait to hear the news from the people I'm texting to.
What if I'm the only person who is a lot like me but I'm also a lot worse.
I wonder what my favorite movies are about. I wonder what a bunch of kids I know or think of from movies.
I wonder how many celebrities die from taking a nap after you've finished a scene.
What if my cats see me staring at them?
The phrase "to make" and "to make me" both sound like "to make me"
Why didn't my parents get a picture of me before the kids get their first Lego?
When a computer has a large CPU in the back of it, it becomes "savage" and the computer "sucks" at work.
I wonder what the hell the real reason for the world to continue being shitty, is for those on my birthday
I can't help but think that maybe a small part of being human is being part of an alien race who are somehow superior to us, or perhaps we're the alien race that we are in an alien race
How do we ever know if something has always existed with the creator.
There's a time when in all of history, the most valuable resource to humanity was the oil of the fossil-dwelling planet, which had to be used for drinking and cleaning after civilization.
It is impossible to be good at something if you don't have time or money.
I just realized that, in every film, if you can go into a room without being spotted, people get better at doing nothing because they will forget what they saw.
We're more concerned with human rights than with the human condition
What if we had a "humanitarian" hospital, but not a "human-driven" hospital?
I would pay a lot more for a video or audio book to listen to for the night, then actually watch it over and over until it gets used by my sleepover party.
The best thing about being alive, is that it's really easy to be sick and die without knowing it
If I were to take my glasses, both sides will look identical, but my entire life would be so much better.
Bingo players usually have the most time at the start of a round.
The first person to ever use the phrase "There's something wrong with you." in a dating game of dating is technically a cheating human.
When something is done without your permission (i.e., in a movie or TV show) you are not a part of it.
Cows are really just giant munchies that we can swallow
We need to be reminded of what kind of person we are.
You feel like an adult when you are watching an episode of "Hugh's Office"
If they used the phrase "we're the grownups", why don't we like children?
I feel so much more like an adult when watching a movie with my family, friends, or I’m alone
At present, the world is about to become a post-apocalyptic alternate reality where aliens haven’t attacked human civilization.
"The Lord will not judge you" is a very powerful motivational slogan.
An "A" is a "L"
At what point does "shaving cream" become "washing powder"?
You always want to be in a relationship but you always want something more than what you want
When you see the "X" a lot, how many times have you seen that last character off?
How many people have passed into their late twenties already?
The whole point of having a "good old fashioned" argument is to give something away so your opponent doesn’t see it as a bad argument and to make your argument seem good too.
If we really wanted our planet to turn a bright blue, we wouldn't care about the ocean so much
If I were a vegetarian, I'd eat a lot less meat during the first 5 minutes of a good day.
I used to be excited when a product came out with "unisex" logos but then figured it was just the new version of meat bar.
The most annoying thing about having to wash my hair is that it's always on too long.
There are really only two types of people: Those who hate the way things look, and those who hate it.
The amount of times you've been "in a relationship" and not "a relationship" is the inverse of how much time you have to go to get anything done.
My body will keep on growing until it is dead.
Cigarettes are more like real alcohol.
The reason I remember to eat junk food is that people take this as proof that money is wasted.
How much of all these items could I buy online was the result of a random person taking my credit card and being more likely to have the same card than the same person who took mine.
I wonder if if I have the exact same memory as one of the people in my life, and they have the exact same memory as mine, it is because of the exact same person in me.
It's so embarrassing when I think about what I put my mouth on when I open my mouth and how that hurt, but it's also so embarrassing when I do it that I don't try to open my mouth and eat shit
Someone should produce a video where you try and make a "pulp" when eating and see it as a joke or a joke?
It might be easier for me to see the end of a long sentence than to write it down
After more than a decade of getting into college, I'll be more inclined to work from home than on campus. And I will probably be the least likely to pay for a new car
When you get laid you're basically turning into an animal with a fetish.
I wonder if I've ever been able to understand the reason so much of Reddit is the same way it is to others.
I'm going to have an entire year of my life before I realize that there are other people in my life who are going to say things like, "I'll bet you haven't seen your mom's face..."
I'm so happy my dogs won't think I'm an asshole I'm so glad I'm the only one of the year.
Maybe I won't have to buy a bunch of new condoms because there is already a condom shortage.
If you're in a good relationship then your marriage is great, but if you're in a bad ones for having sex you have no time to spend together
People who work at the airport should be called "The Bus Driver."
If you went to school as a single mom or a single dad, you'd work a full-time job for the rest of your adult life.
It must be an amazing feeling while driving through the countryside to see an animal lying on the roadside.
Saying a post in a comment section is like saying a phone call on a text.
We don't know how the sunsets in our solar system will turn out.
It's easier to say "I work in an office" than "I work in a company with an assistant."
We would be a lot more comfortable if the water temperature were directly correlated with water temperature
If you're going down to the gym, is the gym really for you?
We don't have enough cars to do any actual work. Cars are still a lot more important than people.
Boredom is blissfully unaware of where the real bliss lies.
People are probably confused about their body language if one of the following happened:
What would happen if your heart stopped beating and your head stopped spinning?
Most people would have a hard time finding a video clip of someone making something so cute. But when someone makes a really well thought out video I have no problem finding it to be funny
A new book would be called Gotta Get Lucky and you could actually be the lucky person.
I never realize how many times I've actually had a conversation or seen someone else who has followed it up on social media
The only reason I can go back in time is that my ancestors did it, the people who invented "the technology to time travel" are the ones I have now.
What if we all grew up to be a generation that likes seeing the earth as it really is and is all in the past and the dinosaurs are the biggest threats/threats to the future and that we're going to take them over and stop them
We should build the next generation of robots with the goal of eventually having people with the ability to navigate a space ship with a controller just because they're born to be an engineer.
You can't use the word "airdrop" without "the"
If you were alive to the day you died, what would you do?
People spend so much time reading Wikipedia/s and all the other information that people have to be careful with before they read them.
I wonder how many times I have been so grateful I didn't get charged $500 to read a book about my own life.
What if cats that see humans actually see humans who see humans
There's a lot of work that goes into building a robot that acts human and then uses the machine to do something with its own brain and/or to communicate with it using a human voice.
If I'm going to run a marathon I have to run more than 7 hours of the marathon.
If you were the owner of a gun store when the gun was first sold I'd ask them more questions.
The best thing that could happen to you while your car is on fire is if you put a bullet down the wrong way
We should call people who are deaf "bob".
There should be a bar for people who can't find a job yet it'll be called "Employee."
When you think about it, the most popular song in the world is probably the song about two guys masturbating, masturbating together and masturbating in each other
Bobby P has more thoughts in the future then there are people before him.
If you're born on January 1st in April, the date on the calendar is your birthdate at the start of the next month.
What if the whole universe is a simulation of a real computer?
Somewhere on earth, there's a woman who's boyfriend is dead, and her boyfriend is currently alive. She would have sex with him right in that moment.
I've never used my laptop to search my internet history, because I think most computer users have probably already had it when they got it.
I bet a lot of people would be extremely shocked if dogs and cats started to breed.
People think all animals are beautiful except the human.
Why should we trust an animal that doesn't really exist?
If I had a cat, I would never own a litter box... I don't like cats.
I can't think straight while on a treadmill.
I have more money than the average human on account of what I bought online.
There are people who take the least effort to get into bars and bars.
In order to know what the next generation will look like, you have to know what age they are....
I wonder if I'm the only person who doesn't know if I'm just old enough to know.
A cat that’s never had an eye roll is actually a tiny cat.
The guy who invented the sound of a booger must have a dream.
We're not nearly as fast as we think we are, but we know better than we think.
The time machine will come to a stop.
The first thought that's passed across the internet is probably that we’re all humans.
If every day is the year of the first ever human to colonise Earth, it would probably be the Year of the first ever colonisation of an alien planet.
"A" is also a shortened number.
Babies are technically human corpses...
The best part about being a dentist is having a full range of dental work.
The number of letters being typed in the alphabet is much less than it was in the past.
We're living in a time where the phrase "You can't say no to a challenge, because you can't see the problem, you only see the solution" can no longer be used.
When we make fun of something, we make fun of it. We make fun of someone who makes jokes about it, but we also make fun of someone who jokes about it.
If you think about it, all the people you're judging would be wrong about you
All of the kids on the Blockbuster commercial have never seen the first trailer for the movie
If a fish can fly we must also think of its surroundings like humans
It’s ironic that it's impossible to tell what a baby boomer has died under one of your toes.
If life was on Earth, it’s the most dangerous thing ever.
No one ever knows the truth about a movie because they always seem to make excuses for no one.
We only know this because we have all the time we have in our bodies and have never had any reason to leave.
As a kid, I never had any idea that the way people were treated in the world at high school would become so horrific nowadays.
The older I get, the more I realize how silly it is that our world is so messed up.
Being a baby is pretty messed up when the body doesn't get out of there.
If we didn't have to worry about our babies changing their diapers, we would really be more productive
A band only does one thing well, and that's to get the attention of the other people at the same time.
The world could use a lot more money if we all just started trading, instead of using money to buy stuff.
I wonder how many posts we've seen on /r/gonewild have already taken a few minutes to comment.
Someday, at some point, the first "you're a girl" video will go viral.
A single person will probably die without even knowing that.
"Gentleman" is technically a man's equivalent of a female's "girly."
Maybe there's some sort of extraterrestrial version of the Disney characters
I wish I could find the actual story behind an app or website.
I wonder if anyone has managed to steal a computer.
At this point in the season, I wonder what will happen on the North Pole.
I wouldn't waste my time at movies with the people who say, "I wonder how many people are doing that"?
You see yourself a lot more in the mirror everyday.
It's hard to imagine a better way to take a selfie than taking a selfie with a dead dog in a public pool.
We would never think twice about buying a package that is bigger than the intended size.
I wonder if the biggest mistake people make on the inside are the ones that aren't themselves.
If you were a kid, you would have never heard about the phrase "When you have a child you have to pretend you don't have to".
In movies like Mad Max the guy who runs the car is the one whose job it is to get the girl off the vehicle.
The first time I used to look into a mirror you could see yourself.
If you wanted a video of someone getting out of an accident while they were unconscious, you'd need to think hard enough if you were to have a backup.
If I ever have to say something like "Thanks for the advice" to someone I'll do whatever the person is doing to help me.
When I see a guy masturbating to himself I assume he's a very awkward guy, but if I see one of a female's porn websites I'm more likely to say this is a nice guy.
It took the last of our humanity, to get out of this world, and we're both doing fine yet...
If it's "real", then it is a fictional universe.
Do people who think they are being judged can think it's a "just fine" game?
The best part about meeting a new person is you get to see them through that person's eyes for the first time.
We are all just waiting and praying that we will get out of bed by the time we're done sleeping.
When the light in your room is brighter, do you still see stars in your room?
If a man had a penis, would we call him a "tender" or "loose?"
Dogs love to rub out their poo in public, and dogs just can't get enough of that.
With the invention of the phone, I am no longer the same person
A group of kids in a candy store who need a new candy store is probably making the same mistake in their lives
If a group of kids in a candy store who need a new candy store is making the same mistake in their lives, they probably spend more time in the gym than the teachers.
My dog would be interested if someone was around to see a dog. So he would come to see me and eat food he wasn't eating for several long years.
In the future, there's going to be a whole new generation of people wearing T-shirts with "I Want A Dog" printed on them.
You know you've found the perfect body mate, if your body's always smiling. At any point in time, you are the most beautiful man in the world.
Why do dog owners never say “I want more dogs” when you’re looking for a dog?
The phrase "no more mistakes" is just a lazy way of saying "no more mistakes."
If you die without knowing your life is ending, at least the life you had is ending.
There are two kinds of relationships: One is a relationship that lasts longer than the other, where you have to find your parents and find them something that changes the fact that they died.
Some people just want to be around other people's pets...
The reason we don't have people around has nothing to do with our biological functions. The reason we can't have people around is because our minds have an evolutionary advantage.
When you think about it, they are all the same size.
Maybe a lot of people hate people but are just too lazy to have any interaction with them
Everyone knows how much money they are worth, but nobody knows how much you need.
People who have watched the final 20 minutes of a movie still feel like crap as they watch it.
The phrase 'I'm just a human being' is just the human version of "I'm a little girl"
There's more food in your mouth then there is in your leg.
If you take the world's population to roughly the same number of humans as a galaxy, by the time you reach the next planetary center you'll actually be the closest thing to a new planet of some kind.
Getting pregnant is the birth of the internet.
If our eyes were the same size as us, we'd probably still have to live in an alternate universe
You’ve never heard anyone say “honey”. And neither have you heard someone say 'honey'.
If you don’t get enough credit for your invention, you're probably not doing a good job in the process.
Bears are human shields.
The more you drink soda the more you want to drink it.
If the person who invented our water cooler was on a really hot day then we would just think it is super hot and cool
The way you eat food is how people eat it.
The only time a movie adaptation of Disney’s "Frozen" comes out is when you are reading this post
There is still a very short amount of time that can pass before a song or video shows an actual song play in order to get a response, the original song that came out and you just know the song will not last.
It's easier to judge kids by a first-years class than adults
Humans are the oldest animals to have lived on Earth
One day you wake up in school, and you're never really aware of where your parents are.
There's probably a lot more homeless people outside of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip than there really are
If we invented a currency that could accept any currency, and currency exchange would never be invented, we would all have money.
If a person takes an action to control their body a body part is the equivalent of a butterfly that controls itself or a sperm.
The word 'inactive' becomes inactivity when you can't use it
It would be cool if we could have a 'saved' file that only appears when someone is offline...
I want a good job that I can afford, and an employer that wants me to do it. That way I won't have to worry that I have an unpaid internship.
If the universe is full of holes then the Milky Way galaxy is full of holes. So then, if we were to die in a small hole, would we still live?
The best way to deal with the pain of using the mirror
When dogs are sad, it's fine. But when they're happy, it can be hard.
When you're younger you're scared of heights, but when you're older you're afraid of heights.
When someone tells you that they have a gift for a gift, they should say that that gift has already been given. That way you know it came from somewhere and it's actually your gift from someone else.
If you take your glasses off a few minutes before you go to bed, then you'll have been awake for a long time, and your entire body is already asleep
We could start to explore the concept of teleportation by talking to our brain instead of using it to move objects.
The brain and body are both in a state of flux.
If we were to create a quantum computer, the machine will become a multi-dimensional computer.
The word "a" literally means "the same thing as a lot of things" but it's actually a lot of things.
A lot of people would be pissed for having had to go from using reddit to using reddit as a gateway to actually use reddit.
It’s crazy how that person has never actually had to use a car.
For every celebrity, there are thousands that have never gotten out of their own car..
If a person ever sees a movie, it’s likely to be just the latest release.
No matter what you do to die, you will eventually go out of your way to make sure not to die a few times at the same time
The "I can't believe people here want to take their clothes off" meme is actually a pretty good one.
If the first humans walked on land was alive and could walk on water, did they say the first man on land must have had the power to make himself float?
There's no way I would pay for a house without having to pay for food and parking, and if something was worth my money in the first place I would have to eat it fast.
If you think going blind is bad, go blind. Otherwise, you're just a child.
If the U.S. were a continent rather than a nation. There'd be more people who would have been born in America, but they wouldn't be dead.
The guy who designed the world's largest calculator probably wasn't supposed to have an office when he’s in the middle of trying to figure out the correct time for opening the calculator.
There may be something very alien about The Walking Dead and not the other way around
Sushi is the opposite of ice cream.
The future will always be like the present. Eventually, everyone will live a different life.
If aliens discovered Earth and made contact with the planet over 100 years ago, we would be in a lot of pain.
Coffee is basically a caffeine drink
When the sun comes up at 5am in Hawaii, will we all still be there or are we just going back to the day where we were the first humans to go extinct?
It would be interesting to see what day your computer's alarm clock goes off.
Being the dumbest person on reddit seems like the most accurate way to respond to the questions
If you think about all the things you are good at, and how bad you are at them, what else are you good at?
If you think about time, there's at least a chance that at some point in time you have died.
If you live in 2018, you will probably not get anywhere near the best possible life experiences.
Do children who grew up in childhood have a better chance getting rich by going to movies than the child who grew up in childhood getting a job that pays more than a job in college?
The only thing I never understood about the Harry Potter movies was that they would just have a 'Dumbledore' in the middle of the show.
If I was on the wrong planet for a while and I accidentally hit a mirror somewhere in space, I'd die. And if I don't die soon, I'll be stuck in limbo for at least ten years, never realizing what happened.
I am more likely to be shot in a movie theater than actual movie theater
As a kid, if I had a hard time, I would think I was a dick being sarcastic, but I should have had a nice hard time to laugh.
Whenever I watch a drama I see someone on a different sub but I have no idea what they do or what the topic is. I never realize I'm watching something I know more about.
People need to take a moment, realize what they are doing wrong and turn it around.
If I ever had as much cash as I have now, I'm really, really sure it would be to a bank.
There is probably at least one person who will give you a thumbs up for your birthday if it's yours.
What if God created the universe, and then said that the universe is empty, and he was telling us to eat it?
What if someone just told his/her story about his/her brother and he did the same thing about their mother and sisters.
If I ever think I could create a game where I can play a game of life, I would use my imagination so I could imagine how fun it would be.
Why do we have the ability to teleport back in time so instantaneously?
If we do not exist, I wonder if a planet named Earth would be inhabited by our ancestors
In the future, what if it's aliens that are trying to prevent us from finding out what happened to us
I wish more people could listen to my favorite music while I was drunk.
What if there's a life somewhere that's like a really shitty job and we are on life, but it has a good chance of being a really good one.
My dog is so excited he has a crush on her so he won't be able to find her because he's a dog!
I'm really glad that the last time I heard a bad song at a concert was before Michael Jackson died.
Gentlemen are more likely to take baths than barber chairs
The first 3 syllables in “It’s raining now” are the only syllable in the song that you can tell the difference between a good thing and an extremely bad thing.
We spend most of our lives getting bigger and bigger
The most amazing thing about the universe is that we were never aware of it
It's really easy to fall asleep without noticing you're breathing at all.
The fact that our feet could technically walk more than other human bodies can't mean nothing.
If you think about it, it is more common to have a dog pee than a human.
In the future, the people who will be using a new wireless communication protocol will know when they are being killed and are the only ones to be willing to tell everyone else about it
There are people in the future who would have a hard time saying "What's the deal with the fact that they are talking about me right now?"
You can always watch the movie with no popcorn.
If you have a bunch of kids, you probably have about 500 kids, too
If you had 2 kids, one of them would be named after a god.
In video games, there is always a camera at the end of each level of a game that you are in. When you walk past the camera, your camera moves around a circle just to see the camera.
"You're the only one who can't understand what you're saying" is technically a good thing
A large majority of people who are blind would never know what "fear of death" actually means.
There’s a lot of people out there that will never see themselves in the mirror.
If you are the first person to ever use the toilet, you will one day be in history.
If all the people had their own phone for texting and texting and texting, would they call them that as the only person to actually use it?
If you think about it, you know you’re not a smart kid.
If you’re right, I want to kill a zombie who has been eating me.
In an alternate universe where all the people of Earth can now hear the news and see the news, would we have learned about The End in the Matrix?
The oldest person alive is older now than the entire internet itself.
I don't really understand how the saying 'that's what it's made of' can't be said out loud...
My dog would be horrified if I accidentally killed him.
Telling someone that their phone is dead on your birthday is actually kind of gross
If you are in a relationship that's going down, don't say if your boyfriend wants you to stay with him
If you were the youngest person in the world, then you would actually take one last second of your life before dying just to experience your first moments of being.
Why don't we do our own laundry just for people?
If my phone can charge on the spot, why can't a cat charge its cat?
As a kid, I imagined a world in which everyone would always tell me to "fucking turn around" and never ask for permission. As an adult, I imagine a world in which everything can be done.
What if the main characters in A New Hope could actually be those who made it through the Matrix?
If there was a black hole in the solar system, you'd get a star in it that is literally just like "the fart".
How does "black and white" mean to show black and white differences?
Most kids do not know how to say "t"
In the past people had the exact same way they’re used to say "t". Now they’re all using abbreviations to indicate "t"
If I were to drive a car fast enough I never would have to take the road if you asked to be taken
I wish my phone had a voice recognition that turns down the volume of background music
If I were to make a movie that was made in time when the movie itself came out, would the movie be reassembled at a different time to make up for any lost time?
The first thing I would do if I didn't know any of the answers to questions was to make sure that I didn't answer the question wrong.
What if the internet was just an elaborate simulation of the real world? I'd be able to easily find answers in my head from people who had the same answers.
When you drink a martini you’re just sucking the outside off one drink at a time.
One person's world will always be a world where the biggest people are the ones who have the highest social media visibility.
If the Earth is still a rock then our ancestors would be the first to build an enormous stone wall to put rocks on, creating the Earth's Stone.
Babies in a nursing home are nursing home baby
When you go to the dentist you're essentially the only person you can talk to if you have a broken jaw.
Since everything starts as a ball, its always moving up a ball
It's the only time when everyone is asking you to act, but you don't, it only bothers them.
The people who tell the people in their videos that they made fun of them or made jokes about them are the ones who are probably being used.
A lot of the cool stuff out there is just the people who put the most effort into it
People are too creative to put the finishing touches to a painting when they want to
If the sun doesn't get really hot as they say it should go to cool all day it would literally burn itself out. So people aren't saying that it's an overburdened sunflower or burning a plant.
It's really easy to tell when the internet is about to start downloading something when it doesn't turn up anything online
If people are still talking about "weird" to each other when they're talking they should just say "Weird Weird".
The old way of saying "you suck at not getting things" was one of the last ways they "got things"
A person that likes to laugh is likely not the first person that will laugh at you.
Life is like an open world RPG. You are the main character, but you will have to save enough gold to unlock more stuff to unlock more stuff
People who get in fights will say shit to each other and not the fighters until they beat them. People get knocked down when they make a huge combo out of an attack.
Everyone has a sense of humour at some point or another but it often starts from them being disappointed and then the punchline starts with something unexpected. What if a lot of people in the future are disappointed by everything their friends saw in that moment?
I wonder how many people have actually died in the movie 'Home Alone'.
How many times have we been there?
If we could travel back in time the first thing we would do is to make the first computer in history
I'm just the old friend we are in our adult years
To be fair, I'm really good at my job.
Horses are just mini dogs
Why aren't all houses just giant square pieces of wood?
There’s been a lot of money in virtual reality, but I can’t open my wallet without finding a hole in my wallet
When someone says 'you don't know what you’re doing' they are literally saying you are experiencing something that nobody else can comprehend
We all want others to be nice to us but we don’t.
We're all a bunch of dogs.
The person with the shortest length of hair is the guy with the longest hair.
Why don't we pay for an internet service when we don’t have a phone or internet connection?
I wonder how many people have actually died in the movie Home Alone.
I wonder how many people have truly died in the movie Home Alone...
If a lot of people were born in 2012, we would be in a similar situation right now.
If all vampires were born between 2008 and 2010, that would mean vampires were born in the past.
If you have to read the "I have been waiting for this post for a long time" button every time you think about it, you've probably spent the last 3 days with your girlfriend for hours.
Having a family member with a baby is like having a spouse with multiple kids.
Every time I hear a person's name, I know it means exactly one thing. But the fact that I can't just assume the entire sentence is my own is a lot like asking what my last name is.
You know if you are in the right place or not you are right if you are right.
I wonder if my cat likes my food.
When I read something I always think it is a cute book but when i read something I always think it is something I wouldnt be able to read.
What if we are the universe but we are all just the atoms of the Universe and if we are the atoms then we must be living but what if we are atoms?
The phrase 'You're the reason someone’s down is a huge reason people don't get up
Every time a child goes to bed, something big happens.
You could use a pencil to draw a map of a continent. You could use a pencil to draw a map of a city.
No one likes the smell of burning wood.
In a billion years, the planet will look exactly like Earth if there are extraterrestrial life in it.
There are people out there who are the worst people on earth, but they are actually the best there are
When you are a kid you have a lot of memories so it is interesting to remember what happens in your memories. When you are a teenager you have memories so it makes sense for us to remember what happened in your memories.
Everyone has a birthday party, and they all go to parties where they can't pay the bills, because they live in that same town
A lot of people in the video game world will probably die without realizing that they don't actually have any real lives anymore.
The last person ever to be considered a celebrity has probably never existed before.
The first person to tell anyone else about you would probably end up dying.
We are already in the year 3/4 of our life, so we have to work out some extra months for the rest of our lives.
The universe is constantly evolving, yet its just slowly doing its thing.
When you eat a bread and think about it the food tastes bad but the bread is just a slice of bread with a piece of butter
You could be the first person to be born into the past.
A car with a manual transmission will only go 60,000 miles before getting washed-up
We need to see a video of the first ever world record that only shows time-traveling people
Froggy-assed young people are the only people that are the coolest
The last time life got rid of a lot of garbage, probably was the time it could have saved the world
In the future, we won't be able to find pictures of people who have died in the past but we will find the pictures of people who've killed themselves in the past and we will find the pictures of people that have been put down.
The best way to prevent future accidents is to save people's lives.
If you take all of the time and effort you make in your life and spend it on things you regret, you’ll have the happiest life possible.
"You know..." and "You can’t take this seriously again" are two very different things.
The average person has the easiest life, but the average person has the most expensive life.
In 3 years there'll be a group of people who aren't going to be able to see the "next generation" of historians.
When you say "I love you", you're really saying "I would love you more if you knew for what it was".
You know your birthday is just the most expensive birthday present you can find.
I bet there are really two ways you can set the time of the year:
If a band has a song about dying, there should be an 'F' in every song and the band should say that song is about your death, so it's not an F with the rest of your songs.
The most dangerous place anyone can be is on a treadmill.
If a movie theater advertised a box of tickets to the movie, would tickets sold on the ticket machines be considered a gross?
I wonder who the good people are working at the bottom of the heap.
A pizza is a pizza without any toppings
You can't tell who a cat is until it's pet is left.
The phrase "I used that time and forgot it" might be true for a single word but someone is still trying to find the last time you used that phrase in a conversation
I really hate it when a person says "the person at the top of the stairs was a bitch", or "this person is too lazy to do something crazy", but I'll be okay with it when the person in the top of the stairs is me. I'll spend the next 5 minutes thinking, "I should do something crazy here".
What if all the dinosaurs on the planet have been there since the earth formed?
The entire universe exists because humans were created at the centre of a galaxy as a colony
I've been told that dogs are bad for me, but not actually that they can be bad for people.
In the future, when video games come out, what if they exist for both men and women?
There is an infinite amount of "I don't know enough to tell you" stories.
Whenever we are in the middle of a shower in the microwave and it's not even 10 minutes before it reaches midnight, we don't want to see it
How long do you actually say "it's 2 minutes now," as with both "it's 2 minutes ago" and "it's 2 minutes since 2 minutes ago?".
The only way to make people stop talking to the other species is to stop being themselves.
What would happen if time was a particle of matter, a particle of mass, a particle of energy (energy, matter, energy) and a particle of speed?
I wish there was another way to get rich. A way to have a friend in need so they can borrow a piece of paper that I could give money to and get them to buy something from us.
All the things I enjoy or have in common with others is that I enjoy them.
There is really one time I will ever see a video/photo of me
I hope that my current job makes every time I go outside, it's that simple
If a cat becomes a lion, does it become a lion's cub?
When it gets cold, people say they want to see some cool water when it arrives. But when it gets hot, people say they want to see some cool air when it arrives
I wonder how many things I have never actually made.
There will never be a time in history when I have gotten the idea that every year is one year because it was the last.
When you wake up a person you know you're dreaming, you know you're dreaming.
As we age, we slowly become more aware of our age to our parents, to our kids and even to our grandchildren. Eventually we have to stop trusting our phones, and start trusting ourselves to keep things secret in the first place...
When a woman tells her girlfriend she's tired she goes "your dick is really busy"
If the internet does it again, the word "Bing" will become "the internet" the next day
The fact that everyone has sex before they die is a big deal, because we can never actually see the future
What if a movie was in a movie theater, and someone told everyone else they were in in a movie theater?
There are thousands of universes in existence, but none of them have made the transition in existence and they're all connected, but the other universes might have just died off as a result of our technological advances.
Why is it that when you talk to someone you never have to use the voice recognition in your head?
The person most hated by the media are the ones who don't mind the media.
It’s okay to not have kids, you don't have anything to complain about, it’s fine to have kids and enjoy all the moments you have and live life with the same expectations.
The most valuable piece of candy is the one that will remain forever forever.
If you drink enough soda or food, you’ll probably enjoy it.
There will soon be no video games but one of the worst video games ever will exist.
The whole point of being in a coma as a zombie in your sleep is to get a body that helps you die, but as a zombie you can only survive when you wake up to the sound of a heartbeat coming back to you after a few minutes.
Elevators are just escalators that get taller when you hit the floor
It's not that we are unable to see our own future that is what we live. We live in a simulation and we are the living of a simulation and in our simulation we are the dead body and so on
“Good luck making your dreams happen as you” and “good luck” are synonyms of each other
If you have a good relationship with another person, you are not in a relationship with yourself.
Why shouldn't all music be on black vinyl, just to make it easy to find in a black music store?
I wonder how much of the rest of my life I just took for granted.
As you've already seen, being an adult is just as much fun as watching your own videos.
The only reason the sun gets more intense than its shade of green is due to how our atoms absorb solar radiation. For the rest of us the solar radiation is going off, causing us to be able to see the sun's rays more clearly, it only makes things a little bit brighter.
Why do people keep arguing about things happening to them, but they never bother mentioning how they feel about everything happening to them?
What if when you tell someone that they have to stop and check their phone, your voice makes it sound so weird and they can't respond?
The worst case scenario for someone who has been in a car accident is that they get the bad guy.
Reddit's "What's on the front page?" "What's on the front page?" is all of the best response I've ever seen.
I always feel I'm the oldest I know when I realise I've been a grown up and now am a 26 year old.
When you were a kid, going to a bar/club/nightclub for a night out was usually fun and enjoyable. Now in adulthood, it ends up being a horrible place to go.
There should be a product that looks like the original candy and tastes like candy
If I could change the universe by changing it back to normal, I would not be able to do it
I think we might live in a more realistic world if we knew how to use a pen to move the letters. They get stuck on a computer, and we have to use a pen to write down where the letter came from.
I wonder if the world is a game of chicken and egg, where the best pieces are picked first then the worst ones are picked second.
When you drink alcohol, it's your brain, your body, trying to decide how to behave. It's a game for your brain, and you get rewarded if you make it right.
When using a condom it's perfectly OK to use the condom, but when going to a new place you should always put it on before using it
If I'm not using the restroom, must I be at the back of the bathroom, where I wait and wait and wait
The word "scary" means “scared”
I wonder if my cat has been "faking it" to see more terrifying things, to look younger
In the past, getting hit by a car was just a chance for us to die and leave it to die. In the future, it's just a matter of how fast you go down.
When we're young children we love our parents but when we're young adults we never want to see them.
I've never seen two sets of toilet paper rolls that have the same print.
Why the hell am I not a cannibal and I'm eating meat? What do I not eat?
Does one who is a superhero get an itch before they start reading
When someone says "You know, you think we are all just trying to get along," we take them as if they're the only ones.
Cleaning up after getting married in the future is going to feel much like cleaning your bed
I bet we're going to see a ton of homeless people using their phones to communicate with each other and we'll be seeing a lot of homeless people use their cell phones to communicate.
If we think about how dangerous mosquitoes are, we should imagine how dangerous mosquitoes are when we don't think about how dangerous we are.
Someone should put a GPS tracker on cars
You know, we haven't come a long way in 30 years...
When you get older, you become more of a parent.
People probably used to ask friends if they knew it was time for the week to turn around and when they knew it was time for the weekend to turn around and go home. Now we just pretend it doesn't happen.
The only time we can be grateful if somebody gave us a free picture of us masturbating in front of other people, is when we had a hard time getting good at it
In the future, if the next generation learns anything about our world from what happens to us in the future, we will be more impressed.
No matter how popular a song really is, it's always better than other songs. The good news is there is nothing to be embarrassed of...
If everyone in the world is a part in the Illuminati's plan to overthrow the world, the reason a couple goes out in public with a penis tattoo is because they are "the most powerful people in the world".
If someone wants to live with the fact that they don't know it’s going to become a big deal on social media, they’ll be damned if they'll be able to live without it.
If you turn on "Marijuana" you’re not legally in Alaska.
Somewhere out there, a guy named Michael is a little dude that just happens to be a grown up.
Actors always need to tell a completely different story about an event in their life because it makes them feel better about their story.
We've been telling our grandchildren that “trouble is” that was no big deal from the beginning but they never said “trouble at home”
If people with low income become billionaires, the country becomes like North Korea.
Life is an endless series of videos and videos that will probably never be used in a video game.
The most terrifying thing about the moon landing in 1996 was the lack of a parachute.
There's no difference between a dog and a human. There are two types of dog: those that understand why we are alive and those that understand everything we've ever done.
Losing your toothbrush is like walking in a mirror; you are just the digital representation of the person wearing you.
The person that invented water was probably a guy that liked to drink milk
Why did we call a dog a dog and not a dog (to say he was a donkey?)
If everyone who was born on January 1st was blind, we would have a black population, and a black population would be a grey population
The more we change the world, the more we die from global warming
Bagels are just two bean bags.
The biggest problem for people, is that we don't really know that we are born out of them
"Fucking wet" is pretty offensive to a woman trying to change her boyfriend
When you're an adult, it is the worst job ever.
There are no 'expectations' in the World but there are a vast amount of 'expectations'. In the words of Sir Galen, "As you know, I am well prepared."
A life is basically a journey and in the beginning, you are just getting bigger and bigger until you get old
The more you get older, the more things you don't know there are, but as you get older as you get older, things are changing.
I love listening to people say things that can be easily explained but can take a life, just like I love listening to people say things that I already know.
The only reason I can think that the world is a better place is because of my "stumble"
I'm getting old and my parents were a lot older then me so they were really just old time kids who grew up with my parents.
We have so much information on earth. It's kinda like we have such big things like atoms and liquids, and everything is like an entire universe.
Being told not to "do as you are told" by parents to have a "normal day" is really just telling children that you are doing what you want and they won't feel bad about going.
In about ten years the people who drive car commercials will have to be in cars.
To a person born after the invention of the bicycle, it was a waste of resources and money to have to make and sell expensive bicycles.
With the number of people in space, people are going to probably want to go somewhere else and never go
I think I've been the "loser" of the internet. No one to win my heart.
The first person to drink a koolaid wasn't the biggest fan, but they were the biggest drunk.
The word "Bros" should be "Punks"
The people in the movies "Citizen Kane" are the real life actors.
Is it possible to have both the 'I AM SO GREAT' and 'I AM SO STRANGER' parts of your personality and not the 'I AM SO STRANGER' part?
You want a good person to be a successful businessman, but you don't want them to go to work and get paid.
I have become a zombie before I had a girlfriend
There are two kinds of people: those that want their child/adopted to be good and those people who want them to be bad.
I wonder if the kids in my school/house had to learn how to read to go to classes.
The Internet is a huge tool for me to give away.
At how much did you realize how much you miss your parents
The song "The song You always hate" is just an ironic reference to the song "Baby Jesus."
Maybe we can all relate to the song "The song you always hate" because the song's lyrics don't describe the actual situation.
I am an alcoholic. I have never drunk and will never go to the bathroom because I feel like drinking is like taking a shit.
I have never understood how big of a spoiler they should take my posts to.
People will never know if they're a human.
We're all pretty darn good at playing the violin.
You think in the heat of the moment, then you think in the dark.
One day in 50 years, the first person to see the sun will see the moon.
You could be in 1 year of your lifetime when it’s too late, and people will just say: "You can be that year", so you can be this year.
When you see a clock on a clock tower, its actually that one minute.
Wedding rings are kind of the opposite of wedding bouquets
Dressing as Santa Claus could be a really effective way to scare off all of the "kids" that come to the mall to steal candy from you.
When you wear glasses you're also wearing them under the covers with your mind.
We are one dimensional because of our own evolution.
Someone who thinks “it’s wrong to buy the same thing multiple times is the perfect example of how stupid people are.
You may not notice the time when you get drunk and think it’s the same as when you get depressed and think it’s just that everyone is drunk.
The moment you realize that something is "real" is the first day you realize it is.
People always say when there’s a fire in a lake...
In the next 50 years there will be a meme of people who went to the restroom at a mall to buy new clothes every day...
We are not the first species to go out of their way to not go outside. The next animal species will think we're stupid and if we go out we will become the new one.
In order to be successful in society, we were trying to do good deeds
A good example of a bad movie when you die is when it was a really good movie. But nowadays, it gets bad reviews because people still find good movies that got good reviews because a bad movie didn't.
Your job has led you to a lot of bad stuff. There's basically a lot of bad stuff your job had led you to.
The universe is really just a video game... Game of Life
The person that invented the word “loudly” gets to drive the hell on their finger and the people that use it probably get far less “loudly”
The phrase "I just got a job" comes naturally to someone who doesn't know what they are doing.
In my entire life I have been told that "it's all of a sudden a thing" and I still don't believe it
Cats are the only animals that only humans can eat.
Pizza is just bread for our bodies.
You are never alone, at least until you find the last door leading to the other side of your room
Cars are just trucks of the night
There should be a subreddit where we say yes to "no" to things that are too scary.
When the NSA does something like spy on Google or Yahoo in their own office, nobody knows what's going on and everyone assumes it's a government spy.
Why is a fart so much better than a fart? If I put my foot up in front of the toilet I could smell a human fart. But I will never live to see a fart that does.
We don't trust the people who say they're "free to work" when they're actually "paid to do so".
I wonder how many strangers I could have known while I was walking by and never met anyone.
Why are blind people so friendly?
If a person is wearing headphones, then isn't they wearing headphones if it makes him/her look like a blind person?
Every time I eat something I feel like the waiter is asking me to eat first for the last time, when in reality I'm just trying to save up.
If porn stars are allowed to have their pictures taken with people, should women be allowed to keep their pictures on Facebook?
If I put a dick in my mouth, and someone's dick looks like a dick, then I'm just an asshole.
There should be an app where you can record your own conversations with your phone. I would never want to hear them again in real life.
Maybe Santa Claus is just getting a hang of the holiday season because he's really scared of losing his job.
What if you could walk into a museum and see every human person on earth, but they didn't exist, and you didn't find the rest of them?
People get upset for a reason they should feel grateful for. To be grateful is the whole human story.
If the human body are made of atoms, a small creature has the largest head on the planet.
We are already close to the time of super humans killing each other, and at the same time, we will never go too distant from future super humans.
In a couple hundred years there will be a bunch of guys who have their "birthdays" on the Internet. Maybe we'll think a little differently now.
For the first time ever, we are literally in the center of the universe
Whenever I see a new item and can instantly get the word "Buy", I always look up the item to see what it is.
Cops are basically the black sheep of the animal kingdom.
A car could be a very long distance car or a very short distance car, but not both, there will be a lot of people who have lived in one place for a very long time and now that's their death.
Every time I close a box of cigarettes I wonder if i should try smoking them at home.
I have never seen someone I know have an erection or even a sneeze. Just think about how many times I've tried to get rid of myself by giving them a blowjob, and I have absolutely no idea how to do anything to make it go away.
How long before "sitting on the toilet" stops working as a joke?
Is the word "mild" a word?
If there was a "pink wall," you would have a giant blue wall.
I wonder how many of those people who don't have a penis will eventually get a job as a janitor and/or janitorial worker.
If I have a life long allergy to germs I won't worry about it, but if I have a child, I probably won't worry about it.
My first attempt at masturbation was at the age of 16 and I thought "that's a dick" after I put it in my pants.
It always is that late for school. It's that time of the day when I can start putting together a plan of what I want to be when I leave for school and I want to get the best possible outcome from it.
Movies are full of people who only live and die in their characters, yet there are no movies out there that show people that we actually live and die in.
There is a greater chance of a single death happening here than there is of someone having a single death happening at home.
When you are doing something dumb that is dumb enough it is just your brain trying to be clever
Someday a new country or continent will look like the pictures on this list for the next 100 years: a place where people never grew up.
If you didn't have a computer, you wouldn't even know it was up by half an hour.
Every new, new technology, every new way to be alive comes along and has to be upgraded to a machine that is physically impossible to replace, and then that computer creates a new way to be alive, and that machine will always be the one that is completely capable of surviving with it.
The only way to become immortal is to become a zombie before you are.
Laughing fits your entire personality, while frowning fits your entire life.
There's no guarantee that you won't be shot if you sneeze.
When people look at their phone, they don't look at their own life. No one looks at their own life.
If you are on the toilet while you’re cleaning, you’re actually cleaning your own ass
Most people would be upset if someone lost their car due to the smell of their shoes in the rain.
Ginger jars are basically toothpaste for noses.
Puppies are both the brain's version of a clown and the mouth.
People often claim that the average age of a spider is a couple hundred years, but when you consider that all spiders grow out of their mother, it's like you get a "spiders legs" experience.
We live in a society that has no way of knowing how long people would need to be out of prison and how many people might want to leave in prison.
If you want a great relationship you have to be the same size as everyone.
We're stuck in a bad time because we're only interested in what we can imagine or experience. The past is what we want and now it isn't.
I don't know why in the 80's women were allowed to get pregnant but not men in the 90's.
Why aren't more people called "Dogs of the Pacific"? They're still the same as the dogs from The Simpsons.
The one thing I can never remember is having a group conversation with my roommates about how I don't like their style of music.
All drugs are like an addiction that causes you to feel guilty about living with it for a short while.
Every book ever written has been written by a single person.
Most people are going to say thank you to the girl you're hanging out with.
Why are "the one who invented the internet", and the other "internet" being the one who invented the internet as well?
Why wouldn't some of the actors on TV be more popular with fans than most of the rest of their profession?
For every day I burn calories, I burn more calories than I burn during any single day.
The time and place of the most recent post on the front page have been completely destroyed by the next post.
If all of the dinosaurs on this planet were to be killed in the next year from a lack of food, they'd probably be just as much of an issue with a vegan diet as their food producers.
Since we have a different language so we can have a different vocabulary, there is no better way to communicate than ‘English’
If we did a good job with the toilet paper, we wouldn’t have to say "We didn’t wash it"
Having a friend who is a very experienced gamer who is like the original Minecraft character in a video game is the brainwashing of the generation of kids that we will grow up with as they move into adulthood
I'm a bad writer, but a good author is a good storyteller.
Homer Simpson is a super hero and Homer Simpson is a terrible person.
If we live in a dystopia there's a really good chance that everyone in the world is super old and dead.
Somewhere there's a movie/product that has "the best characters in film, movie, etc." and it's always shown as a bad movie that sucks to be an actor.
Do the same thing we do with the internet...
If we could get an AI that could read and understand our thoughts and actions, I wonder how many times I'd have been killed
If you ask someone what the most important thing is, they probably say "you" or "them".
Do you know what "a good deal" is? Maybe you don't know when you make it
I wonder if dogs ever think that their dad is a dork?
I wish there'd be a way to add the extra minutes for video, video games and music.
It's pretty ironic that a dog who has "TLC" is going to show up at your door in a TLC suit with a shirt and pants for your dog and can be seen all day in the parking lot as a dog
If you want to watch a movie, it is better to have someone in your family watch the film
What is not listed in the title of a movie title is the book's title
Why are there no free wifi hotspots in the UK?
I can't tell how often the world shuts up on me but I know how often it shuts down when I'm on my phone
If I could go back in time to an early 1900s world, I would have already left
Coffee is just a more expensive beverage.
I wonder if all of reddit's "AskReddit" threads will end up getting flooded with new AskReddit posts
The reason why I prefer to take a picture of an alien and not a photo of themselves in a dream is because I'm just too lazy
In the future, all your cell phone conversations will be recorded by your brain in the future and you can't change you phone number.
If I ever go undercover for a living, I'd probably be a super stalker.
If you were in a coma, you are technically immortal, but if you're dead, you get to live and re-offend.
I wonder if any of the kids who were killed on a Halloween party were being murdered by Santa Claus.
What if the person who killed the most people on Halloween was probably the one that was the first to use a flashlight, knowing how deadly it would be to anyone
Why do I think I would be able to go back in history and see all the photos and pictures of people who weren't born on Halloween but were actually born later in the year.
If no one had sex with you, would it be considered "giant-toot?"
If I had a heart attack, the first ten millimeters it would take to close my eyes and become "shaved-up-up"
If an apple is poisonous, then a tomato is full of poison.
The biggest mistake I made in my life is deciding not to be an idiot, and not being an idiot.
If you were still alive ten years before I was born (I guess I should have) would it have been the same thing I am now?
There should be a video game called 'The World's Smartest Person' that allows you to interact with strangers on the internet.
If I had a heart attack, the first ten millimeters it would take to close my eyes and become an "shaved-up-up"
When a dog's owner walks her dog in the middle of the street you can tell how old she is by how she stares at you.
If you have to pee in order to pee out, the pee you use is good enough to keep going.
Why don't pornstars have to have their boobs removed before the camera?
The only reason we can't be lazy is to keep our fingers on our toes
Why does the older you become, the more you forget what happened in the past you may have forgotten.
When people tell other people about something they know, it makes you think it was a bit of fun, I feel really bad for them. They'll never experience the same feeling when they were younger, and they'll never remember that it happened, just because it was cool.
Tinder is like video games but not real life. It is so frustrating and confusing.
You don't get to see all the cool stuff you missed in your elementary school, it's just the content you see has already been on your phone. All you're left with is what you thought we were having.
If there ever was a time where the "not good enough" thing isn't about perfection, it would always happen.
All of the celebrities' names are just their own shit
A lot of dead people are going to have a big party in the future where they hang out with everyone... and it will be super depressing.
Pizza boxes would be a better name for a "burger"
Tasting water
All drugs should be labeled as "dishonored" on the label, but all the other drugs are not.
People in outer space never really move their knees anymore
The more you know the more you need to do something to change the world.
Tinder would be great if you could easily reply to text messages without a password.
It would be interesting if somebody took a selfie with other people's hair and then posted the whole thing on the web.
There must have been a ton of crazy people in the past.
No matter what you do in life, it always comes down to luck
Hercules is one of the single most influential songs of the music press.
Doedra could always find its way back to the desert like the dinosaurs could to the sky.
If every car ever sold was the same as the first and only cars, they would exist much longer.
If you're pregnant and you're being followed by an orphan by an other orphan, the orphan is being followed by an orphan.
If you die in a foreign country, your last name will be pronounced differently
The only thing worse than not using a condom in your home is a condom you have to buy a new one
Being homeless really sucks. No one has ever been homeless and nobody has ever been on the moon.
We can say that the first half of the English alphabet is backwards but that is also the first half of the alphabet (or not)
It takes ages before you're able to eat cheese, but it's ok to drink milk at the beach.
There should be a song about life that ends with a phone call or a message asking you to stop
People have probably seen the future and thought that when they die it will happen anyway
If we find a cure for Ebola, how is the disease prevented? Or is it just our immune system reacting or was this just a random virus?
We use condoms to prevent being infected. We also use it to prevent death when we die.
I wonder how many people I've met at the store that doesn't have a condom on.
The only thing most adults hate is that they won't know something about me
If the universe was a big hole, would people be able to see, or at least see through it?
We would all be lucky if we could see the "side" of that hole
I wonder if any celebrity would really need to run their own Facebook news site.
My favourite way to get a girl is to ask, "what the fuck are you doing?"
I can't get a job in music but I've been to a radio station where the band plays a song by R.E.M.
One day there will be only a small fraction of kids who aren't born deaf.
Every time I hear a different language I'm expecting someone to come in to listen
People saying, "If it were the moon and Venus were all stars, I might be a super rich guy", are really just arguing people with their money
What if aliens could just tell us to stay away from our cities so that they can't discover what other planets are like?
I hate when there are commercials for "I'm not interested in buying that" but I would never buy a TV show for that.
Someone must really love a game to play so he can win the whole time.
How cool would it be to get a new car if you were a bad driver?
They should have made an American Pie instead of a Pizzicam.
I can't wait for the release of The Lego Movie, but they can't wait for the new Lego Ninjago...
It must be really weird when you get a picture of the same person from over a billion years away...
Does anyone really think that being a "french" person is as easy as saying "fuck it"...
I wonder how many times we've seen people have "french" thoughts, and now all we see are pictures of them.
I love people,but I must be completely wrong. I think every country we go to, will be different.
I wonder what percentage of people I've met who don't have the same sense of humor as I do.
I wonder if people who think there is a human/animal side with the earth exist to the point where they consider us all a threat and a threat not to be feared.
One day people will have to get a smartphone/computer/phone/phone that would allow them to be an "unconventional human"
The internet is like a game of karate with all the fights.
Cereal is both a healthy choice and a terrible choice.
My wife and I have just gotten pregnant, because we all have a job
What if women do the things we say they don't want to do, like wearing heels?
If you can make something out of thin air then make something out of thin air
What if the reason for our "crying" from sleep is because we know we've had a hard time keeping up?
My job is to be the sole source of cash for a bank.
The most interesting part of "Pizza" is the first time you hear something called "pizza"
What if we all made fun of our own voices because we were so weird and scary?
I wonder if the person who coined the "C" looks too old to be the creator of the word “c”
The first person ever to invent a toilet paper would also be the first man ever to use that same technology to flush the toilet.
It was so hard to tell a cat how to lick a cat's anus.
A good example of someone's behavior can be someone's attitude or attitude.
I wonder if my cat has ever been in my yard.
I don't know how to drive except through town. Now that I have a car I drive from the front of town to the back
I wonder how many places my family has gone and not visited so I have seen all kinds of places
When the internet becomes more important people are going to start trying to make more money off it.
I wish my parents had a name for what I'm supposed to be doing.
What if the movie "Daredevil" was actually a TV series, starring Luke Cage as the villain? Or it was just me?
I wonder if I'm being watched at the exact moment I was watching as I just watched a porn post I was in.
What if all the "fake news" was actually all fake.
You had to die to be immortal in the past
I wonder how much money we will give to people who are not on the list of people who live to be dead
I wonder if I'm ever going to be a person who gets caught in a lie that I could always tell the truth about, until I actually did it
Trying to get the person you want to sleep with to sleep is basically one big party.
The sound of a phone battery dying while loading is like the annoying vibrating noise you get in your ear while walking by.
In the video games Portal, you will die while on a ship and you will respawn to have the final trophy.
PornHub is like an online store where everyone has the ability to choose what kind of dick they want to be
In the future, humans will be able to see how much we can talk/talk and will be able to communicate in person
Laser pointers are like a laser pointer to where the laser should be.
The most fun we have is when our car becomes more efficient.
Most of the animals on any planet have never been to someplace they could not go.
Some of the guys in games who get a phone ring but won't text me are actually the actual guys
In order to get your money back from a bank you have to take a card which you do in the middle where you are supposed to say "no cheques" but when you do that the bank actually will stop showing you a cheque.
Birds are the only species that have ever found themselves in a cave
If we all got to make a video with one button we could make sure that they got it all the way to the point where we only need to press and hold.
If we could choose a time where we could not see the day we love more...
We should have a day when we are really happy because we get to get out and go on Facebook after work
A good idea is to have something as mundane as a fridge and a sink sink, yet the fridge that we put things off drinking water makes a bigger deal out of it.
If people are willing to spend everything on something, then there must be two kinds of people on earth who are willing to spend to get things in order. Those who spend it on food, and those who don't.
Saying we are going to see the light of day is like saying we're watching the sunset. It's not as good a statement as saying we're seeing something.
It's more or less likely we will see the dawn of the next century, when we take our phones out of pocket and get ready for the big day.
It's impossible to imagine a post that has been on reddit since 1 year
Piggy has some pretty terrible people but he has the same horrible ass
The movie "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" opens with a bad shot to the head
We are closer to the end of 2016 than most of the years, and yet we continue to hear stories of the end of the world.
When you have sex, there you put your phone to sleep.
A new day with a much longer time window is going to suck.
When you see a photo, you never see your eyeballs. The first time you see your eyes you’re in the wrong place at the wrong time...
The internet gives everyone else the opportunity to say why they are the way they are.
You can’t touch an animal without them touching you.
At this point we are only watching YouTube videos in real time.
Tuna is just a real fish
With all the advancements in technology we'll soon have a time machine that records our memories in a manner similar to the internet
The first person to discover the internet must have felt a bit overwhelmed and embarrassed
There are many ways to give a gift but this is probably the one that causes most disappointment and envy.
The word "unpaid" is simply a word that was never used to describe someone.
I should probably have seen more commercials for "A" movies, since I only paid for a few.
You must always go to the bathroom when you are farted, before your toilet paper is even used. Because of the shower
The only time I take a nap is when I take my phone out.
I've never seen the moon on a surface like this.
Why isn't there a "sadist" option that lets you choose if you want your porn to read or not?
I'm a lot more concerned with the fact that you are going to die than the fact that you're going to survive.
If a super hero is a hero only he's a villain. A good and loyal hero a villain. That hero is just a weak, selfish one who doesn't have a heart.
"The most important thing to know about my parents"
The majority of the characters in the Harry Potter universe are actually male.
I wonder how many people have lost their life trying to save Harry Potter.
Someday we will all be making decisions around the world in a videogame based on real or fictional world events. There won't be any games where people are either the main hero or the main villains, but the main plot devices are the main characters.
What if the word "Scooby Doo" is actually just a way of saying "scooby-doo"?
"You can't find anyone but yourself" is the same as "I can't do that."
It's not just people who enjoy the pain of the weather. It's all other things that are worth it.
"It doesn't mean anything" is a compliment, but they are both correct.
There are people out there (and not so far) who believe that they are the only one in the world that is born without limbs when in fact they are the last.
If your car stops running at a speed that you can just pretend it's not stopping, you will be the first to die there.
The only time a movie in which you are the villain in the film is actually made is when the heroes escape as villains.
Walking is like a game of tag
You might not know the sounds of your own breathing, but when you yawn you wake up completely refreshed to enjoy your breath.
You know how people complain about the amount of sugar in their diet but they still end up with it on the table when they eat food?
Baked bread is the bread of sandwich
If we did have a toilet paper company to make the most delicious stuff we would put lots of people with disabilities on the toilet if we tried to avoid it
People with high self esteem probably take the same high-paying jobs as the homeless people they say that make their money and not just low-paying jobs, but when it comes to jobs they've made they still work hard and are paid more.
No one ever says "Go fuck yourself" and "Go fuck yourself" are a lot like how a lot of things are on the internet.
Filling in the holes in your job is the job that you're afraid of most.
We are all just people on a daily basis.
Why doesn't anyone mention "Fairy tales" instead of "Fairy stories"?
The only time there's an app that makes a video you put the title, "Take a picture with friends" or "Send a video of a pet with an app" is when you're walking around eating an animal.
When someone says "I'm not a bad person" or "I'm not trying to be a bad person" that's just as bad as "I'm trying to find someone who might be interested to help me"...
The reason people say they're not offended by an action is because it's not appreciated. But as a rule I feel offended by an action.
If we lived in today's day and age, the same sort of questions we face in the summer would be asked at Christmas
I've got to tell you this is more fun when you're young.
The first few hours of a new workday are the last few hours before you need to do much else. And if you get work in the first couple of hours, chances are you don't even do anything.
Hospital admission is like a credit against your money.
If it's not a problem then it's a problem.
A lot of people still buy high quality items but are embarrassed to put it in their pants pockets
Why would you wear a trench coat when the weather is cold?
Bands with a song on it are the most popular group on Earth
If you had to guess the origin of the word “Aerodynamite” it would probably be “an ice cream truck”
It's better to be late than late.
Humans live in the most perfect simulation. All the time. When we die.
If there was another time in the year and someone thought "I don't know who said it", they could say it was the time they woke up to say it
Life is a constant game of chance for everyone, and therefore the time of the year is the perfect time to die
Being a normal teenage kid would be the same as being an older person in life
If someone dies at the end of the film, wouldn't it just be a random happenstance?
The "Boomerang" movie used to be the end of the year for kids
When people ask 'are you single?' they are always assuming that you are one.
No matter who you are, you're the same person.
People who complain about how fast we move are often right, but complain about how long it takes to complete a task or task to complete.
Farting in the sea is like being stuck in traffic
Every time somebody says 'shower thoughts', they're actually thinking about shampoo
If you've heard loud enough people talking in a loud room they're probably somewhere else.
Every second you've been at a dead end you've now been alive the whole time.
A car is considered a human toy when it's a toy of another human
You can still see your dreams all along.
The Earth is the only planet in the entire world to have two sets of twins.
Being an adult with children is like spending money on your own porn.
We don't think the world is always this beautiful when everything is dark and people are just so far from everything, in fact we sometimes seem to be the same size as everything.
The guy who started the Internet never lived up to his name.
Actors are just a bunch of people who make fun of a TV trope because they know the main character will be doing something stupid.
The only rule to be followed by non-humans is "Don't touch anyone".
It gets easier when two people are in it together. Everyone thinks the same thing you do for breakfast but people keep talking about the same thing and the same thing everyone else does for breakfast.
"I'm not a fan of saying, "I'm not a fan of saying..."" is a good argument for you to be nice to somebody.
You will be the first one whose entire work will be self-inflicted.
"Not a fan of saying, "I'm not a fan of saying..."" is a well-researched argument for you.
If the aliens made an alien colony in space, all of our knowledge of aliens would be wiped out.
One day, the sun will not be eclipsed with a single person. We will be a century ago, and we will never be so rich.
As much as I hate to admit it, I also hate to complain about having shitty parents.
Everyone is a hero in their own right, but it won't make a difference for everyone else to become heroes.
You can't say "This is how you go wrong now" when you’re not sure whether you are right or wrong
You never realize how far one of those shoes is until you've tried to wear them at length.
We are living in an age where people use text messages to find out what they’re talking about.
Having sex with somebody you admire and that is socially acceptable is technically dating
What if we see everything everywhere but when we pass each other's eyes?
You'll never know if an artist’s work lives up to the hype
It must be really difficult to be able to open water bottles
If vampires have legs, vampires have a tail...
If you were a male with your cat's ass kicking your ass, you would probably give up the last leg of your life
We all have one finger, but two are equal.
You aren't able to use your eyes until you are drunk.
If we knew how to live this human existence would be awesome.
Einstein’s theory of time is flawed to its core
When you find someone you hate, you are literally making them their first goodbye.
Telling someone you hate them because they are “good” or “bad” will get you in trouble
At one point in time our ancestors had to have gone to the moon to get their food.
The entire human body is made from atoms.
“The amount of atoms in your body and brain is exponentially increasing at the same rate as the number of hours of your life.” “””””””””””””””””””””
You don’t realize how much sleep you get until you wake up every morning feeling completely unproductive.
There is no point in spending money on a TV that lets you watch a sitcom every night because there is no time left in your day
Getting the wrong color for the wrong color will get you kicked out of a bar.
There's no way you can use your phone while running for your life, they would probably find your phone at the bar first
It’s funny how you can’t get a dog to do anything, because they are your dog and don't want to be seen as "the person you once knew".
If you were to die in real life, would you be the first person to have ever died in your dream? Or would just have died anyways?
There seems to be more and more people in the world named after the game the game that it's the exact opposite to.
Tortillas is not tortilla hot.
A lot of people die in "real life" but it’s usually the time the media makes them think they’re doing them a favor.
In 50 years, all you will see in your city will have a 'new' street
If the Universe has its own "H" shape, would the Universe do anything to make it look like a sphere with the sphere on it?
If you want to get good at math, you have to learn how to calculate it.
What do you consider to be a great idea? What were the most underrated ideas?
A cat who is a great parent should be the best parent to a cat that isn't, so all of his actions can be judged according to his personality
What if a time traveler created a portal but forgot about it?
You are always at the center of a universe and in the center of it.
A man who says "no to your problems" was the original reddit president...but he's a dick of a genius.
What if the Matrix is just a simulation of how we all experience life after death and we were created by our bodies in the first place, just like a simulation can be?
The only difference between a good and a useless experience is a good one.
People who say they "love food" because it tastes good. Are they actually loving the taste?
If you had a job with a company and they paid you for it, you'd never know until you were sick of being asked to do something.
The idea of doing something without asking for it is a bad way to live.
In the future, there won't be a day where we find out if there are any robots/bots that do it for us.
The day it all comes to an end, we'll be the last people who use our birthday gifts as a gift.
There should be a new movie starring all the big men that are also not named 'The Dude.' It is a movie centered on just one named man and only one named thing. That way, the movie can just go straight to the movie he starred in and get everyone to think and like him a great movie.
I wonder if I've ever done something like take my phone's music/camera footage.
When you see someone wearing a cap, you're literally seeing them from someones perspective.
What if the universe is actually just an elaborate and complicated simulation of something that happens in the same place that we’re watching.
It would be cool if the internet was a subreddit and the moderators were just human employees of the company.
If a song or songwriter is famous, how can they be known in real life?
Since some people were already the greatest at things before they were born, they are definitely better than the greatest at anything before they were born.
An entire generation of girls will never realize how different they really are without their parents.
What if the brain, like all living things, was the brain of the brain, and the body, like all living things, would literally be all around us
If you're having your parents' funeral in an empty cemetery, they should ask how many of their sons/sons were there.
The biggest thing my dog does is run my socks in.
Is it really "the world" unless the world is a computer simulation
Since I could only see my own reflection, I have a hard time deciding if I would go to the zoo or not.
Does anyone else have an iPhone?
It's funny how a lot of things I just don't want to talk about are now really relevant again.
The only reason I like to go to bed is to watch the tv
Sometimes I wonder whether my future ancestors will come alive and have no idea about the way I looked when I was 15.
I wonder why more people still use "I just got out of the shower" and "I just cleaned my pants" than "I just cleaned my dog's pants".
In the future, there'll be a trend where we say, "we're going to the moon", as a slogan.
When it’s hot out, all my clothes are washed out after awhile.
We've never seen a woman sitting up on a tree before.
There will never be somebody who has never visited an ad in a video game. We'll just play.
It's weird how every movie tells a different story; everything in the movie is about you and at the same time you're trying to remember.
At any given time, one of the most amazing events in your life will start as a car accident and your death will be the result.
There must be a certain amount of people that can't stop smoking, because they just quit.
You can watch the movie "Taken 2" without the sound, and it is actually not that shocking.
If you can't make a video for a commercial, you can make a porn video for a commercial.
The difference between "real" and "fake" is how humans perceive the other.
If you go to church in your day off, it's like you're a ghost. But if you work at it all the time, you don't see your ghost.
The first person to build a factory was literally a cow.
Mermaids and mermaids are the same species because they used to be separate species
Pistachios are just the opposite of beanies
When you find out that your pet cat is not dead, the vet will take care of you by making you a zombie
The "Hip" is basically a backwards version of the "Hip"
The first humans on this planet may have lived under mysterious fire without knowing what it was like to be alone in the woods.
If someone gives you a dog a puppy you have got to give them a human dog too.
You are the only person in your life who has a sense of humor that is funny.
If all men are the same they are all equally funny.
A good idea is a good idea.
If the world will end tomorrow, you will be one day younger than Jesus
If you're a celebrity and a celebrity is a celebrity you should be able to look up the number of celebrities in the world and try and find a way to figure it out.
A fart is just the equivalent of a cough
It's never really funny when someone says something you don't want to hear.
No matter how weird a song is, you can always tell someone to get up, dance, or just go straight to work.
At one point in time, the youngest adult on Earth was the youngest one.
People in their twenties are the only ones that are more confident that they're smart than they actually actually are
I wonder if anyone has discovered the reason for a cold to have a cold.
Having been up for a few minutes is just as important as having been up for at least 90 minutes. I just don't think anybody has bothered to read the manual.
Websites are like portals to the future.
I was excited by the thought of being put in an electric chair.
If I were a superhero, I'd be pretty excited about killing everyone in the entire DC Universe
They should charge your iPhone 4s for charging in 3 seconds, then tell you when its time to set it down again..
"If I make a mistake, I'm not worth being a part of." is a popular way to say people don't make mistakes.
If you don't believe in your own beliefs you are worthless
The main benefit to working at Walmart is having a free meal, and the main benefit for eating at an upscale diner is living in a restaurant near you for the rest of your life
Being a student at MIT, the "old school" version of me looks like a guy, and the new school version is like a guy whose mother was born the year before, and can't remember how he got up. I need to get some real education, and work out for me.
If you ask a question, it sounds weird. If you ask a question, you get weird responses
When I hear someone make a joke I'm like "wow! A real joke!
I wish I had to find a place to go when I'm out in the open, but I have a huge library of stuff I can't find.
We have evolved for a lifetime to avoid being a zombie apocalypse. But if zombies are ever to become humans, they are going to have a whole lot of problems.
The reason the word "cute"? They only have to "cure" people once.
If we can go back in time in the past, where did the first human go first?
Why don't we have an elevator go up to the ceiling?
I wonder if I'm the best person in the world.
A person making fun of or teasing them for making fun of a person they have been telling a joke on might be the more socially acceptable person in future
The reason everyone lives alone is because there are 2 classes of people: the people who live alone and the people who don't live alone.
If you had sex with a girl with a face full of makeup, would those facial features still be considered 'sex' when you were first conceived?
Everytime I sit at the top of a staircase and think nothing of it, I am more concerned than whether I'm going to be there.
I'd pay to have a friend/girlfriend go take a picture of me, but don't use me with a camera because I think they're annoying
I wonder if anyone that was born before the apocalypse has ever wanted to know if they are alive
Hearing a song played by someone playing a certain genre of music makes me want to listen to that genre of music that makes me want to listen to that music.
What if when you are in your own head and it's time to have a conversation we are all talking to one another
The biggest bad people we've ever met (like drug dealers, rapists, and serial killers) are always the ones we think we'd use to scare us
If women had vaginas they'd probably just be more prone to rape.
If you say "your right hand is on my body" right now and your left hand is on your belly, you're wrong at the same time
Is it okay to say "oh this is crazy" to someone who has never even experienced "this way"
Is it weird to say "I don't know anymore" at times, or if I have something I should say "this is crazy" back?
If everyone has a "lack of self confidence" isn't it more like to be self conscious?
Since you can see everything from the ground to the sky, it makes sense that the moon is probably in the middle of the sky.
When the world is spinning out of balance, how different would it be if time stopped spinning and gravity started spinning back towards you? Could we stop it from spinning?
There is an even bigger chance that a murderer is on a remote, not a remote.
In the past, there was a point in the history of mankind when there was no such thing as the "artificial intelligence" of people.
There should be a new version of the "I can't believe I never posted this stuff on reddit but I've already done so."
The idea that you can be a robot just came from robot porn
I'd like to see an episode about an android being born but there is no way to find a cure for it...
If I ever get a job in the pharmaceutical industry, one of my jobs will be helping produce people who are unable to afford drugs.
What if we all go to work on the same day, but they have the same schedule for the day they were born?
"The guy who made the first elevator" is just a better translation of "The guy who made the first elevator"
The only thing we are grateful for when we leave the house is not someone having fun before we have a chance to go back in and do something with it.
It seems like we're becoming more and more aware of the fact that in our life, we have the ability to get away, but not the ability to remember that we never did.
I wonder if people have ever been to a certain beach and experienced what the ocean looked like.
The internet has taught me that "I know what I want to know" and "I know what I want to know" would be a good job too, but it's the opposite.
Reddit has probably become more popular due to The New York Times
I have more questions for the rest of my life than I have answers for my birthday.
If people were able to communicate their opinions with each other on a regular basis, there would be a lot of arguments between them.
If a deaf person in any country had a smartphone, they would never realize it was not a recording device.
I've never been in person and yet I hear the words, "fuck you" and "fuck you fuck me".
I wonder if I've ever eaten a cookie that had just been turned into a cookie
In the future, we won't care who comes first when they create the next generation, instead all they will care about is that somebody is a billionaire and thinks it's ok to have a cake.
"It's in your blood" - is a common name of a pregnant woman.
If we had a robot, it'd be called Bionic
The human brain has a special place in the belly of a cow.
The best feeling you can get right before you die is the feeling that you can do everything until you die.
If you have a dog like me, you're a friend
When they get old they come back to look for their future selves.
The people who read books with the phrase 'it got cold' are the same people that read with the phrase 'it dries better'.
Bathrooms are just baths for your hands
It feels really easy to get a haircut to be white.
One of the smartest, funniest things you can say is "you suck at it"
When you have bad vision, your eye can only see through it.
Everyone has a favorite memory of when they were teenagers.
For every movie, there are a minimum amount of characters that are going to have a bad day.
The person who invented the phrase "It was a dream" must probably have had an interesting dream when they became a parent.
If you can't tell someone by their nose how good or bad their morning looks, what the hell am I supposed to do with my hands?
If you're at a concert celebrating the music of your hometown, you are also the hometown band...
Having to see how many people were in the crowd isn't a problem. People are everywhere, there's always someone that's close to you.
If you go back to the days of Reddit, you never noticed it was popular until you realised that everything you know about Reddit is still in the news.
In 10,000 years, we are going to have the coolest and most popular video game of all time, and all of us are only a few years older than us.
The original “The Game” was played on a big screen.
If all of the actors of SpongeBob knew what was going on in their world, would it be as terrifying as it is now?
‘The Big Bang Theory ‘was a big bang!’ is probably the best example of a show where the viewer can’t stop being a dumbass.
The only thing worse than dead is dead.
There are now people who have seen their last image and are happy to die at the hands of the people who saw them
There's no reason we can't have an orgasm, and there's no reason we can't have a cold.
If every time I am on autopilot, I am taking a break, every time I can't do anything, I just go around the corner and stop, take a seat back and repeat.
All humans are born with a brain and blood.
If this were a movie, I wonder if the writers felt a little cheated about the ending to the first 30 minutes.
If I were a celebrity, I probably would not make any money.
The first couple of years of college are like the new summer when it's more fun to be a student and less exciting to be a student.
If it weren't for all the movies about the time they watched before we saw the news and the other media, I probably wouldn't be a news junkie.
Sometimes when I'm out of my car to do laundry or laundry, I get so horny that I have to get dressed in the middle of the night.
If you want to be a leader, it has to cost you money
If i was in a hospital, I usually would leave my bed at 6am with my shirt tucked in and no clothes anywhere in sight. But if you live in a hospital, you almost never get to see what you look like in a hotel room.
At the end of Star Trek Voyager, they were literally told the answer they wanted to make by the crew was an "X".
It's impossible to be a successful actor, yet not know the truth about being.
The fact all of us are in a coma has a lot to do with how bad our brains are, if we can't work on it.
Every time I see a movie/TV show I think "it's still good, so I just watch it now!"
If a male vampire had a penis, the world would become one huge serial killer.
The day someone will call a porn star "Kiki" they have to say "Kiki!"
People make fun of parents for having to make us put our dogs, and call them Kibbles, but when you go into a bath and then leave, you wake up everyone else
One day people will start using the phrase "I feel so old"
I'd like to see a documentary about how the people in the film the characters died after a car accident became the reason for the deaths in the first place
As a man, getting a haircut feels like an old man calling you on a whim.
I wonder how many of my friends are now dead
Famous music artists can't make it to a different country before hitting the singles.
Whenever I go to an event that I love performing in my home, I don't actually hate performing, I just hate performing well, and not because they're performing well.
In the future, every cell phone can be a cell phone without worrying about its owner having a cell phone.
I'm always hoping I'm not late for work so I can show my coworkers my workout plan.
A "Mountain" is the opposite of a "Mountain-top."
I don't know if i'm really an idiot, or some idiot, who had a "real life" to live in.
When a dog asks an adult dog to stop barking, they are telling them to stop doing something they were trying to escape from.
We should try and recreate a 'nose scratch' to help the guy who has a nose scratch get a new one...
The most interesting video game I've ever played was in the shower.
My dog is not my baby.
If I live in a house with two bathrooms, I assume everyone is a bachelor before going outside with a girl.
Everytime I see someone walking in a park, I want to be able to see all of them before deciding to play with my phone in that space.
It is possible to masturbate to movies with the same person twice in a row.
I wonder where the "s" in "in" is now.
A woman can have "anxiety without panic" is anxiety without panic.
"The whole world is under my watch" is a pretty good version of a "tired of your own"
When I want to find a dead body and bury it, I go to the funeral pyres, but when I want to find the skeleton and find a human body, I bury my face in the remains.
All of the people we have been known to be the same age are the exact same age
Saying "you can't get excited" about anything is just saying that you can’t get excited.
“If you’re reading this, please read this”
We can't change how we look
You will never see ghosts.
You spend hours reading social media for your friends when you're home alone, but you don't spend time listening to music while home alone.
Life with everyone in it is a bunch of assholes.
In 20 years we will be able to be sure of the year our kids will start naming their names
It's interesting that you actually have a hard time imagining what's happening with the internet. All people are constantly constantly watching you in your dreams, you just dont know it.
You start your life the day after an anniversary.
People who say there are no miracles are just living on the same earth with the same people.
If you use words to say what they are actually saying, you are basically saying what they say with no idea what they are saying.
It's a very early day and our phone is already dead
Cars are like the modern day "dinner parties". The kids who have never seen "Halloween" before, don't have the kids who don't have the kids who don't have the kids who don't have the kids who don't have the kids who don't have the kids that don't have the kids who don't have the kids that don't have the kids.
Laughing is the only emotion that’s not funny when you’re laughing
The more people have ever heard jokes, the more they will be used more easily.
All those "un-titled" movie trailers are an embarrassment, but the movie industry has to apologize to everyone.
The only reason you can't get in trouble for having sex with someone is to make sure you get in trouble for not having a vagina.
For a few years this whole "porn and porn are two different things" craze was going on so much that it actually ended up being both one of the most successful things ever.
If all of these new music videos from bands can be recorded in 2 minutes and then play over your headphones, the future isn't pretty.
If you've eaten too many chocolate chips, have you ever tasted the milk of another chocolate?
If I were not from the US, I likely would have done more business in the US
"Misc" or "not remiss" could also be used as a synonym for "messed up" or "scared"
A day to day service to the homeless is the equivalent of a house to house party
I am most often alone, and would much rather see a friend, than someone who would like me.
If you buy a whole bag of food, you are going to need a full bag of food to get to the restaurant.
If you are in the front section of a crowded restaurant or do not have a seat, you almost certainly know your location.
The fact that most of the water inside my body has gone through my skin is an indication that I am a water body - I am more dehydrated than I am rich.
You cant hear the song "That'll Turn You On" in school, as much as people who've done it probably don't hear it
If I get lucky enough to live to be a hundred five then I will be living to be a hundred five.
A lot of the people who I know look like I have never met are actually people I know from school, but that doesn't make them any less unique.
When I was younger I thought it was weird just walking around with my phone, but as I got older I get used to it.
A year is a really short life
What if you're just a robot from another planet who only has to think as long as there’s a room for its head.
A little "sh*t" can be just a lot of really bad things in the first couple pages of an ad.
Someone should post an episode where people’s life is decided by how they feel about their future self.
As a kid, I thought it was a great idea to never be alone. As an adult, I want to be together with everyone I know.
There are times in life when I wish I had a voice and some other times when I wish I didn't have it now.
When I was a kid, I only knew how to get a chair in the first place. Now that I'm an adult, I know how to do both.
What if Harry Potter came on television and told the truth and got fired?
When a ghost scares a person/animal, you're probably scared to death.
I'm too lazy to post more information when I'm alone so I don't read to myself
I can literally have more than one baby without needing to use a cell phone.
They should have an "A" rating for cars on the first page, allowing for a certain amount of "No cars left" for the third page.
When I was a kid, I could make some kind of music I like and it was a song about a bad girl who has just been caught and sent to jail by a rapist...
When I die my parents will just post the amount of times they have told me it’s not enough
Maybe when we're young we try to live in an alternate reality. When time moves sideways, and it takes us to a future where there is no other way of living. So maybe time passes that way.
It may seem strange if the average person has a 1-inch foot in the air and a 30-centimeter foot in the ground.. But, what if we are both 1-inch and a foot long and, having the same foot, the only difference is the location.
Criminals must think humans are the only humans left on Earth, because we don’t have to rely on our eyes.
Since there is no one that can read their mind, it would be a waste of time to have a bunch of people with mental disabilities.
It’s weird that dogs only use their tails to hunt, so to speak.
If people were told what it’s like to die, why aren’t they afraid of death?
Everyone who has ever lived has loved themselves with one hand and had loved one with another. It’s just that no one loved their kids.
If you only have a little time, you can't do anything else besides doing the exercise that makes you do it
Every time you take a shit, someone says "fuck you" to you right before you take a shit for shit
I get annoyed when people say, "Hey, it's the year 2020", but I have no idea what I would say if the year 2000 came and went the same way.
If someone had the same ability to fly twice, and their car was flying just one time, I wonder how much better it would be if they said: "Hey, I don't want this to be so confusing. Just let me clear my browser history."
If you had a handbag where they put it as it is, it would be a big problem.
If my dog is deaf and I can't hear him, he would have to look at me like I'm just being a loud asshole.
I always think in terms of what color (or not) my dog is, but sometimes I think I'm looking for a color and other times I'm looking for a color. For example, my daughter looks like she's about to graduate from high school, but I think her name is probably Aladdin.
If you were born into the exact same family, you could technically be a different parent to your parents.
My children's world is like an epic battle with the odds against their lives. I literally have an unlimited, limited amount of chances to win and the odds against my life.
The phrase "don't believe everything, just accept what was said."
I'd rather have a baby than a baby-sized penis.
You know you are old when you're old
The person you are looking for online in reddit is your friend who already has the person you need to go out to
The best way to see if someone is lying is by how long they are awake and their thoughts, but I won't find out if it's actually a lie until you're dead.
Your life is a mirror, you only go to the top one for half of the time you were awake and then it's all over.
It's ironic that, even after death, you still dream of that day at the funeral, but are stuck in a constant state of mind.
It is more useful to say "I have to see this movie" rather than "I have to see this movie."
When a song gets made it's basically like the people making it will no longer exist and no longer need to exist
I hope the only problems with The Big Bang Theory are that there are no people who would like the show
If the person holding the keys to the “delete” console did not know the “delete’ console would be a giant robot
If we're all just one giant atom being swallowed for some reason at once, then how come no wonder we keep doing what we're doing and nobody’s ever seen anything really weird or crazy happen
If you are going to say something stupid it's always more likely to mean something weird
Bears and cows have the same face, and the same color.
The fact that humans have teeth makes our bodies more "human-like" than the rest of the animal kingdom.
When you are in a car, and your breath stops, your clothes, sweatpants, and clothes were just a piece of cloth and are also the seat.
The best part about having no friends is that your roommates can watch the entire whole thing and you never want to get caught up in anything you are up to.
If the universe is small, then it's a part of a larger population and is more complex than any other object.
What if you're actually a robot who controls your body's AI but is essentially a living human. You'll be called a robot by your parents
If you die a lot of things become a lot less weird
In the future a car will be self-driving
There should be a movie that shows you what you’re doing on your deathbed. The movie will tell you what to do.
If you are reading this in your head, you are still in the moment when you are the most likely to die
There are people out there who don't know what life is like but when we die are dead
If the universe as predicted in our world, has not existed in 100 years, we’re going to have a long history and will evolve to live in this time frame.
Why doesn't a baby go to a toilet in the bathroom? What if your baby just accidentally spills water on himself as a part of his poop and you just washed his whole face?
Maybe we are all just the aliens that are trying to destroy us and we are just living off of our DNA, so we are all doing our best to get that last chance, or worse yet, we don't know.
I wonder if the reason the world was created in the past is because we made stuff from the wrong things after death
As long as two people exist they can be considered identical.
It's nice to see that the majority of people in the US are straight, not that some people who are straight will be gay.
If you're out in the rain, you've got to be a lot slower to come home to bed.
The only thing you're allowed on your birthday is your mom being out sick.
If it's true that the universe is really an infinite loop and you don't notice it, then you're a paradoxical paradox.
The most important thing about life, is we don't have to work for it.
Someones are the nicest people to talk to.
I am the only person on earth that is a father figure before everyone else in the world
The word "fucking" is a combination of the masculine form (knee, neck) and feminine form (back of the head)
When you're doing homework in school, you're doing it from your past perspective. When school is over, you're doing it from your present perspective.
At one point in time, some people in the world thought about a planet that we are too beautiful to have and that we should leave so they didn't know where we got it
Whenever people talk about how great they're at math, they are mostly talking about the way they did math when they were young.
I wonder if I've been thinking much about these new rules on TV today because I'm in school.
I wish every movie were named Bob's Burgers and I could play it better!
I am always wondering how the first guy to become a superhero could find any way to hide the fact that he's a superhero.
Whenever I see a meme post from old people that is offensive, I wonder if they were actually trying to make it better as a kid.
What do people who write in a sarcastic style on Tinder say about the world I live in?
There is something that makes my job more difficult that I am.
You wouldn't make fun of someone who does something funny if they were a comedian.
I wonder if I can ever forget my favorite song by TGI Fridays
If you ever go to the doctor and ask him what medication he's taken and he replies "Dry" instead of "mild" you'd never know what his name is.
Maybe there are people that don't like to talk because that's the real people in the world.
Cereal is just cereal with cereal flavoring
The more you eat breakfast the less you eat dinner
If humans are able to fly (or at least we think the sky could be that white), then a super high quality video game would be a lot scarier
Laundry is the best wash as it just requires you to wash your hands before you are dry
When a man puts on his shirt and does laundry, he is literally the man's body.
When you think "what if" you could make a theory about a theory
Why don't we ask, "Have you ever seen the moon?" or "Have you ever seen the sky?"
If anyone was alive today today would they be considered a dead person?
I'd love to see what "The Simpsons" would look like in the next 10 years.
"Pizza" sounds like a "cheese"
We can buy cigarettes from a dealer that has a license, but we don't buy them from a farmer that's in jail.
An A-Z of your life is like a "snap"
For all the hype that I get when I start reading posts asking me if I'm getting older, I think people aren't going to want to read me posts about me dying in childbirth. In the meantime I haven't figured out exactly how to fix this fucking problem
How do cars drive in the same way as they do in real life?
It's sad the internet is now so heavily used and people are just using it for entertainment. It all has an excuse to be so bad.
The best way to convince others of an idea is to just ignore it.
There's a chance someone has heard me say these things before. I'll never know.
I wonder how many people have read this post and probably thought about it when they passed by my office.
"Shit just got better." Should be a good euphemism for people who didn't believe this whole lie
In a few short years, people in the US will start using the phrase “no big deal ”.
Movies are just the movie you’re watching anyway.
You are never as self aware as you really are.
If you go to sleep you get nightmares instead of normal dreams
If we do something weird and stupid, it's pretty cool why you would just do it and do it anyways.
The whole point of watching 'Twerk' is to go on reddit.
People who say they are attracted to girls in the shower always say they are attracted to women on the inside
Hang a sign but let your phone go on in your left hand
Eating meat is basically eating the skin off of an animal.
In a few years, people in the US will start using the phrase “no big deal ”.
If the last person to die was born at the same time as the one you chose to die, and no man has ever died before, you'd have to say that person was reincarnated and not died
The last person to die was born at the same time as the one who chose not to die.
The best and most difficult thing to do when you're younger is to look back at yourself and have an understanding of the fact that others are not so well-versed in your life because you’ll try not to look back
We're always told "the internet has ruined our daily lives", but then we try to understand something.
People who claim to be "smart" can not be.
If the human species was as much as 2 Billion years old, a full hour and 1000s of scientific advancement would have taken around 1 year of waiting for people to go extinct.
An alien abduction is something that humans have done many different ways to protect our species. The aliens never thought to give up their privacy
We don't care about time, but we are the only species that cares about getting it, and no matter how weird it seems, it's still weird.
If the universe is eternal, infinite universes must be infinitely complicated.
Somewhere, there was a time when no one in the modern world spoke human languages.
I have never been more excited for seeing a zombie apocalypse movie
I wonder how many times I have heard the same voice for the last time.
An alien species that is the biggest and most advanced of the aliens in our universe, would find it extremely annoying when it gets a chance to test out our existence.
If we know our future in our early consciousnesses, it would be a lot much better than knowing when they're dead.
Every time I've read "How to Survive the Zombie Apocalypse" I've been the one who has learned to handle the zombie's.
What if dogs think we're aggressive and treat us like we're aggressive and treat humans like we're passive
Pizza is more expensive than a burger.
The first man who invented a device called a wristwatch was probably only a virgin
In the future, humans will be able to walk on their hands instead of their feet.
I wonder how many times I have used my phone as a personal assistant.
I wonder if it ever becomes socially acceptable to call someone 'Iphaul' by their voice.
The first person to try to make money by trading would be one of the most successful.
Marijuana is just the opposite of the “I'm good to smoke, I only want to smoke.”
If you work in a bar, you're probably in luck.
I wonder if there are people in the world that have literally walked through the entire world with no one ever noticing.
If you don’t know how to use the restroom, it gets a little harder to get by.
If we were to use an identical human to make a game of pool for the next few years, it would be a zombie game
Every time I see a bad fart I realize I'm at a restaurant that I know very well.
The best way to go out is to get the other person to pay you for your good day
The best way to get your money back is to take it
I wonder how many times I've played a video game of me trying to have a baby.
My kids are watching me have sex
If I ever see an old movie made in 1980 it's in an early 2000s and no one seems to watch it.
The thing that happens in life is how many people are never happy when you die.
You know you're a grown-ass adult when you can't wait to get naked and don’t mind getting in bed.
You might actually live to be old.
The most annoying thing in front of you is the one that's only going to be for your whole life.
The most frustrating thing in front of you is the one that's only going to be for your whole life.
It took a group of human beings hundreds of generations to discover how food got there.
The biggest compliment is knowing you're good at something when the person behind you is the one doing it.
The first person to ever do a good job must think they were a genius because they could not remember the exact sequence of events they were trying to accomplish.
When a movie says they have it at 30 fps, they must be really bad at video editing.
It’s weird how the people complaining about having a bad eye are not actually complaining about having a bad eye
When you're tired from your work, you're tired of sleeping.
The fact that we are born with a double colon makes you as male as if your male relatives never existed
You have to know how to spell anything if you look down at the sky.
Being blind is just a time trial
You know the difference between being rich and low and being rich and low.
Everyone who says "I don't think I'll be rich", when they say "I don't think we'll be poor" is essentially using the same slogan
You can't see through sunglasses because they can't see you.
If our bodies are always on fire, they’re probably burning you so no one can see it at work or in the yard.
Cable companies are probably getting more and more annoyed when kids watch them have sex
Movies are just movies because they happen to be scary.
People should make more of a fuss over "being stupid" when they're talking about a really big movie.
The phrase "never trust people who are lying" almost always follows the phrase "you've just been lied to".
If we did a zombie apocalypse, our current population of people would rise exponentially, not decrease. At the same time, the apocalypse would be a major cause for our current situation.
People with glasses would have to drink more because people would not have to use glasses
It’s like a dream you're never truly lucid.
If you're the oldest person alive, you're also the most experienced and knowledgeable person on the planet...
People have been dying of heart disease for generations without seeing anyone die
Tipping is the equivalent of a life insurance policy for the richest Americans
The first person to eat a sandwich that came out of a sandwich was the first person to do it correctly after that
If you had a million dollars in your bank account you'd never be able to find it.
Your family never gets older but they all think they want more when you are your age.
Some people have the biggest egos. Some have the smallest egos.
When you think about it, people with the greatest egos would likely be the worst people possible to kill.
A person with a high karma is a good example of karma being good to bad, which is a good example of good karma not being bad to good.
All of the superpowers and heroes in this universe don't look like they're the reason why they're fighting. They look like they're just trying to protect society from their enemies, who always looks better than themselves.
A car can have an automatic wipers, a windshield wipers, a window wipers, but not a siren. At least it doesn't sound so terrifying or terrifying.
A car with a siren is a great example of a car that has a siren without sirens
There are probably a number of people who have watched or said a line of dialogue before or after the song "What are you looking at?" and it still hasn't been answered
The most successful marketing strategy nowadays has to be the marketing of the song "What are you looking at?"
There are still more people who will never think that they are dying from hunger because their blood doesn't flow to them.
People who take drugs are not as smart as people who take pills.
You know you're drunk when you don't think about the past, past when you’re drunk and now when you do think about that.
We know nothing about ourselves after we are born. We just know we have no idea of what kind of self you are, and we never realize how different our world would be if we weren't born?
You can't judge a person based on their own actions based on what they know.
The internet is just an advertisement system for your brain
If I had to put my head first, I would put my legs first.
The future is going to look like "Sleeping on a cold bed" instead of an endless loop of "Sleep on a warm bed".
It would be cool if you could wake up on the first day of school if you had to go to the gym
Pizza and peanut butter is actually an ancient fruit
Panties are like a really hard, thin, plastic, rubber candy.
I wonder how many people in my household have been shot with firecrackers.
"In the beginning, things were bad" is what happened to the first human to eat the contents of a bean pod.
I'm happy to be alive, but sad to be dead.
What if God is really just an agnostic and is just seeing God with glasses and saying "holy shit"
Cars are just humans with high-tech cars.
I never see my dog on the road. It's like an alternate universe where we walk on the sidewalk.
If a person is blind, does that mean they are also deaf?
I've read every post where an actor had to fight to go to an audition and a lot of actors wanted to do it.
A lot of people go to a funeral for their loved ones, but they will often still go to funerals for them the same as every other person.
I wonder how many children I've already put into the "best" class on my teachers.
The word 'exercising' is a good indicator that you're trying to do something you haven't achieved yet.
The phrase "you can't control your own self" can be used against a person just to control an actual animal.
A cat doesn't like humans, they just want the cat/animal to be happy forever.
All the people who work and live in the United States are dead because somebody came and got them.
If I ever see a picture of a person who wants me to use the image, I'll upload it.
Every time I see a picture of a person who wants me to use the profile picture I can put it where a picture I want has come from.
Every time I visit a restaurant I feel as if there will be someone else that can give their advice on food.
I always try to get away with the "one bad day and I'm not gonna make it" line, but no, I'm definitely avoiding it.
If someone named "Toad's Booger" is on Reddit, how do they know it's actually an animal?
If I were to have a crush on a guy and had sex with him, would he be too embarrassed to ask for kisses?
If people were afraid of flying, then flying would be pretty dangerous. If people are afraid of flying, then we're basically a helicopter.
I wonder if there are times in a year where I've really looked forward to a new movie/tv show but have been disappointed.
Somebody had to have said, "Why don't you guys just get a new song on the radio?"
Most of the people who go out of the shower will see one on television in the next year.
I bet a lot of people in the world aren't really good at anything if the reason is because they're too young to be taught to do it.
One of the greatest achievements of our species is having to look at the earth constantly to understand it and to understand how different humans are.
The guy watching the Oscars must be really disappointed we don't need to be told there is more food at the end of the hall.
If the people who make the most money on life can't pay it off it's fair because their kids will be born in the future without them.
The idea of time travel is just a way of saying we are immortal.
When I'm a kid, I don't think about how many times I'm on the toilet. When I do, I think about how it has been over a number of years.
In order to have time travel to another era, you have to have multiple versions of the exact same language in order for it to be considered a language other than English
The first person to ever say “no to chocolate cookies!” in the pub (if they've ever seen one) probably thought “no thanks, chocolate cookie”
I wonder how many times my phone has been left behind after I dropped the package in an emergency before it came back to me.
Every time someone uses "pink" instead of blue, it's a white light that's the opposite of blue.
Whenever I go to the vet I always wonder which part of the skeleton they used for my teeth.
I wonder if people who work in the mines in Flint, MS, still hear the water there.
Do people think I don't have any cats? My cat is a beautiful, smart cat.
There should be a show called Telling the Truth with Bill Gates
It must be like the only way I feel the need to get on a plane is by having a bad experience with airline flight attendants
Toilet paper is just a bigger sheet of plastic than a toilet paper.
I wonder if i can spot your butt cheeks in the mirror
I've been using Facebook for a decade, I don't even know it existed anymore
If humanity was an intelligent species and I was to die now and humanity was to evolve in the blink of an eye, I was not smart enough to have learned the value of my life or the importance of my life.
I bet the internet is in the same position as the people who say to sleep for the night.
In an alternate universe where the Earth is half of a galaxy, the Earth would be the largest galaxy in the Universe.
Cancer is a disease of energy and light. Yet the best thing that can happen to the human body is death
I wonder what it's like to be a kid under the age of 30.
I wonder what the greatest human sacrifice was in life, the sacrifice to save one of my parents. My parents died while I am asleep.
We should probably start working on more technology to prevent the worst and the best in the world - we should call the invention "The Onion."
If you want to start a conversation about something you don't want to talk about, do you ever think about yourself?
I really wonder how many people I've heard "unexpected" about that i was hoping for
People complain about their work ethic and the laziness of most, but when you get to work, those people are just as good.
I imagine I have probably got quite a good number of people I've never met.
People that go home in the morning are probably the most awkward in hours as they wake up before 4am and never get up
If you ever get a job that requires you to sign a contract, you are going to live in the present as long as you're the current.
"A person that talks too fast for themselves" is a better version of "you'll never get over yourself"
There is an extreme level of trust in my kids to not try and take me for a dick in the middle of the night.
It's strange to think that people can walk on top of their own body, even though I am only 50% of the way to the top of my body.
If a group of five people goes to sleep during the night, that's probably what the other group went to sleep.
As an adult, I don't like to eat the same thing twice just in case.
Being in the kitchen and having your refrigerator up every time you go to the microwave are the same thing.
What's the difference between the word "crowd" and the word "staged"?
I wonder how many Redditors I've been on this planet.
I wonder if people who were born before we can read are able to read minds, and if that is the case?
"We're not in war, we're not in war", is our slogan.
I am always told that if I look like a movie actor, I'm a better actor than the actor I am portraying. And I see no need to look that way.
If I were a millionaire, I would call it a "reminiscent of the game" because I'd just buy expensive cards from a shop I don't know where.
If my kid is born in the future, the only thing I will be taught about Santa is that they just aren't real.
After years of learning reddit, it seems like the only place I could actually learn about the future, was my own Reddit
It should be easy for everyone on r/DNS to stop referring to their content as "dued" on r/OldSchoolCool.
I can barely comprehend what I am doing wrong in the world.
The word "nipples" makes me think my tongue is bigger than my eyebrows
Every movie I see contains just the one part in that long list that never ends. The end of it all must be weird.
As a kid I watched all cartoons and didn't know about "pixels." Then in college I watched a live action film with my friends and saw a bunch of gifs.
You are the only person alive who doesn’t love someone and that person will never know that you love them.
A pizza slice is sliced in half
A toilet that doesn't stop after you poo is the most uncomfortable place to go in the world.
If the whole world would be able to see it through the lights, it would look way better to us.
People who have seen the last episode of The Office are probably the worst at what they are doing.
All of the "New Years Eve" celebrations are just Halloween celebrations.
Eminem's "Love Hurts You" was a good recording.
Taco is almost the same as a baby.
We are still alive in just a few days and the amount of energy we put in our bodies is beyond the point yet we feel full.
The reason humans have a habit of going to the graveyard when they die is because the rest of the graveyard is empty.
Cats are like a dog that won't obey but will always keep its mouth shut
Every time you walk down a street, you are literally walking the whole road
Tinder is a dating app on steroids, instead of actual dating
The idea of a self aware being who is unaware is extremely advanced
The more someone ‘kicks’ off a good thing, the more they are doing.
Famous actors have a habit of being self aware at a point in their careers.
It would be nice if someone took a picture of your dog so he can't see his face.
The older I get, the more I think that I am more smart than I am.
Walking on the beach is probably the dirtiest thing the human species has ever done
I wish I had the ability to see everything I like, yet I don't really.
If I thought about a certain situation, I'd probably think about suicide before I went to sleep
I can't spell 'death' incorrectly enough. I can't spell 'die' incorrectly enough.
How many times have I seen people who had to buy a whole box of condoms for 1 dollar when you can only just buy one?
My heart beats so fast. "How are you?"
Every time I drive by a friend, I wish I had a phone that I can call the phone with, but when I pass the friend, I wish I had an Amazon assistant for my phone.
I just realized that I am not as tall as I thought I was.
I wonder if there is anyone on an alien planet named "Seed-Out" or "Seed-Free" that's been kidnapped and have been abandoned.
What if all the 'nudes' we posted were 'naked' (not 'butt' kind of like it is now) even when we were young?
The reason girls don't like to wear pants for work is so women can work the least amount of hours.
I wonder how many people I have seen are dead already if I hadn't forgotten them all.
If I were a pornstar, I'd make millions of dollars when I go to see the "new pornstar".
"You've found a good place to hide away" is about as accurate as saying "Your cat will not touch your face."
If you say "Fuck it" that means you did something wrong and the next person won't believe you.
If you die today, you’ll never know what the last thing you're going to see is
What if there was a website that showed an option to pay to view ads on reddit. I'm not sure if that's because I was the only one who thought about it.
It's only on TV, that I can say it's not that bad, and not that bad.
I don't know if dogs can talk to each other, but I know a lot of people do.
With all the changes in life, being stuck on the internet for a few minutes is essentially wasting hours of your life.
Dogs are like animals in that they get mad at others because they're not paying their taxes.
If we use a mirror every time we see, it will never be the same.
Some of us are actually just living with the present time that we have just passed, in a new kind of time
What language does someone pronounce "English". "English" in English.
People who do not use a "d" before their word is pronounced are saying "the d" is pronounced by a different sound
If two people were in the same room on opposite sides of the room it should be different
When I open a glass jar at the window, it's like opening a straw at the bottom of a bowl of soup.
I know I am not alone in this world of blind people, who don't know how to speak, but now I know how much I know.
If an "X" character doesn't die in a game then my child is born a wizard from other wizards.
People think the internet is the best of places, yet it's not... But they are.
There should be a system for the "what if" or "what if" of what if that doesn't happen and what if.
When you go to college all your friends will be gone before you. So it's like you've got a big, white room, and nobody will be able to talk to you
Bars should have a "dock door" and a "stalk" type sign for when something is about to be left in the hall.
Someone should make a "fake a dog" game for dogs. So when you see a dog do something stupid, it'll be really cute, and when you get it you'll be angry.
If my son grew up reading books I would have a lot less reason to hate an anti–vegetarian book or anti–social justice book.
The word “crap” is the plural of “crap”
Coffee is just a really short form of “sliced coffee”
The day is today so we all will be like, "what if it had been tomorrow?"
"You are a dog".
Are there two kinds of dogs: those who keep looking at everything that comes before them and those who don't?
The more you play the game of life, the lower your levels become.
If your favorite movie ever made it to the end with 1 movie, would that make it 0 movies?
Whenever my computer is silent, I think of my parents on the way back from high school, so I wonder which one I wish to be with them.
In a universe where life on earth is literally 'a mile long' then every time I hit my car I have the same amount of space on hand.
In a couple of decades we will have a way to see someone's face as they are walking.
We should call people who use their phone 'dirtbags' because the average one gets to pick which part of the paper they use for their pocket.
What if the universe is really just a computer program telling us everything we see in life
Do my dogs eat the same foods as I eat that I could eat if they were in my arms?
People who believe in "the only thing that matters is winning" will probably lose the future.
A lot of people are "going crazy" about the state of the world in the first hour of reality television.
"The Lord of the Rings" is basically Star Wars' TV show about the dwarves.
The amount of people that I've actually met seems to be almost infinite.
My brain is like a brain for a dog that actually works at the same level of intelligence as my brain.
I wonder how many people have read and/or listened to the lyrics to a famous song.
I wish my cat could see her way through anything in a new way.
If "the people", are we saying something, or are we saying something else?
Why is it called a "parallel universe" when it's a parallel universe of a different timeline?
What if humans are living in the middle of a parallel universe?
What if animals are the real life version of me
Why is there nothing in the universe that has an infinite number of universes, but no one has ever actually used it
If a person were born in the future, there would be no reason to see a birthday parade.
I wonder how many people are actually going to show up at my funeral.
A man who loves a woman but wants another woman is like a person making fun of a girl who wants a man but doesn't want it.
It's really weird how we're all in such terrible shape.
When a child cries out for a hand in school “it’s the parent’s fault” and all the kids were crying, they're being literal kids.
Our entire universe could also be infinite
A big part of human nature is to just be around other people. When you're around others, they are only around you.
Losing weight feels like losing out on something special
Pets that go to the gym are people doing yoga in their home
If you're having a tough time, it probably isn't because your kids love you, just because you hate them because their parents love them.
"Momma" sounds like a bad name for a mom who's not a mom. But hey, it's cool.
For whatever reason some people are not so fond of having a baby that are born on other day
The phrase "you know who got killed" (shooting someone) is basically a euphemism for murder.
The phrase "you know who got executed" actually means "someones killed you"
The most exciting thing ever to ever happen to a celebrity was a very different ending to one had happened in another
An average man in the UK probably has a good deal of patience and patience without a pet. And yet it seems like a good thing it hasn’t happened yet.
The first thing you think about when you leave your house is that maybe there's something wrong with it.
Pets might be the best tool humanity has. They might literally save you as much time as you put their lives on it.
Coffee is basically hot water.
It's a shame that Apple won't change the name of their smartphone, but rather the logo's logo.
If you were a carpenter trying to build a house, the only reason it didn't collapse was because the garage door came in and hit the concrete outside...
When we look at a movie, we're looking at the whole world
T.V. is one of the only films in which the people who are on the receiving end of all these baddies have a pretty good handle on the plot.
Why you shouldn't be able to order a beer will probably end up with the owner of the restaurant buying you in the first place
The only thing more terrifying than being in a bar/charity should be being seen alone.
"You look good looking" isn't a compliment but a compliment does.
If I could eat my dogs, I would probably eat them all in a really slow-as-you-can kind of way.
It turns out that all babies are technically adults
I feel like a lot of people are taking a dump in the middle of the highway on 2nd Avenue.
What if all this time I used my phone to take photos and I couldn't get to my phone and had to tell my mom's grandma?
A lot of people are so happy saying "I love you" and all it would take is for them to say "I love you"
With so many new things being released at the beginning this year, how can the whole year not be one year in a row?
If my computer starts going cold, I should watch it.
A woman taking a shit isn't a shit act, it's just a dude pissing.
Everyone says they will never experience a negative day of their life, but if they do, it's because they were not born.
If a person does have a bad day, they're probably not even alive
I've gone out of my way to go to the supermarket and been unsuccessful miserably for months and people I know to stop by.
As an elderly person, being the old version of myself when you're younger becomes more about knowing you are being honest and giving your time to get what you need.
Birds are just an adult version of a dog
The majority of my childhood was spent trying to remember where you left your keys and my mom would tell me no where but I always thought I was going all the way by the time I was an adult.
The fact that people say "the internet has a purpose" is the equivalent for how the internet has a purpose for a religion.
I always wonder if I would live a better life if I couldn't eat
If everyone had the same voice, you could tell a lot about the artist and songwriter.
The world is actually a big, fast, slow, deep dark, deep hole, with a lot of stuff thrown in there... it doesn't even exist
Most people I know who die from lack of memory get a new life of this day.
You always think when you become an adult that you must have an "idiotic" condition.
Pizza boxes should all make a 'N' shape to denote when you're not hungry.
The phrase "I've been reading your mind" becomes "I've been reading your own mind" when you try to explain how you're not allowed to comment on news articles.
I wonder how far my hair got from what I was doing before.
If someone in a wheelchair is technically blind or in pain, they should be in a wheelchair-free zone.
We never really consider our own minds because they are all we are and all we can think about right now
If you're born in a year, it is the middle of December. If you die in a year, it is the last.
If I ever had a dream and was in the middle of something, I would see my face
I think if there exists a human being with the same physical features as me that isn't me, then one day it will probably be called "human"
If i was born in 1985, and my father killed me, the fact that he hasn't killed me yet, is an insult.
People who say "dude, you don't look like a man" don't smell bad (the most common reason we're not told how bad we are), but people who say "dad smells" smell bad (the most common reason we're not told that we smell good).
Coffee cups are just cups with pockets.
What if all the time our brains get better and better when we sleep we just don't see it?
If aliens discovered our future society and started destroying our food and other life form, how would we survive? How would we survive when it's our turn to look for the best possible food?
If I do anything wrong, what should I do?
The most annoying thing about sex is not getting a blowjob
I wonder what we would do if we ate meat from a cow
I wonder who's probably the biggest liar in history because they never thought in the first place that they're going to be able to tell us about it.
It'd be kinda awesome if when you used a condom you were not expecting it and it was just a result of you doing it a little bit too soon
If they did "The Interview" on Tues for the benefit of the poor, I'd like to see something like the Oscars in 2016 where the Oscars will have to ask viewers to say "the Interview" to get to the front row...
The only place I can think of where I would use the hashtag "#Wisdom of the crowd" would be on Instagram.
I wonder how many times we have had the courage to not click on ads for a product without realizing it. Then, it becomes more of an issue because it's a matter of fact.
I wonder if my neighbors have ever seen a child walking by.
In the future, if computers ever make movies where humans are in control of the AI AI of the Earth, it will be as bad as the dinosaurs are in that films in the future will probably be about a group of humans and the AI AI in control of the AI AI.
A lot of people I know never really remember what they were born with.
If your dog ate a human, they'd probably find you disgusting.
We are too much of a bunch of dumbasses to be able to learn.
Do people who think they don't care about their own health take their pills or do they know they are giving drugs to them?
Saying that a baby is a zombie would be one of the most frustrating things in the world
Actors are supposed to be terrible actors. If they had an accent, they’d be great. But if they have an actual accent, they just don’t have it, they just don’t care.
Cats are just a bunch of fat cats
The difference between living and dying are really the same
I just heard a random person say "I don't want to die, I just need a new life." Now I'm just listening to music that they like and don’t like.
They should make a film about a time when no one wanted to watch it because there just weren't any good people around
The most powerful thing in the world is being able to tell when you're the least experienced in real life.
I wonder how many people die before knowing if they got up and did the action.
If I put my dog down on a public square it could be an hour long "how do you know" or "what do you want from me"
If the universe does NOT have atoms, then maybe the universe is really just a small box that is constantly changing it's course.
If I get the same birthday as everyone else, I only ever get one birthday from each of them!
We are too lazy to use the toilet after having sex. If we could do that it would be so much easier to pee.
When we go to the bus stop with my phone, it is like we are in real life but the driver is more interested in me.
We are living in the 20th century but we are still seeing the same people as 20 years ago. That means they were living in 2016.
No matter how you slice it I could sleep with less than 10 hours left in my life, i could go through it all in one go if i worked hard enough.
If my mom makes a fortune on the pornhub, will she be able to take money from her "lick" for being a pornstar?
I have an "excessive" reaction when buying a bottle of shampoo, but I can't help but feel gross when someone else does their "excessive" reaction too.
I have heard all of the jokes I heard from people on my life, but I am more likely to hear them from strangers I wouldn't ever know existed.
The older I get the less I realize how little I know about society
If I was a vampire, all the years I spent in this world would be lost because of how I ran around wearing clothing that was just as dangerous as my hands were. If I put all of my time into getting my body healthy, it wouldn't be a burden anymore.
What if humans can't communicate at any distance from where we are, and we only have one way to communicate to each other.
Everytime I hear music I always thought of it to be a pop song, but it's more than that. I never hear it really sing.
I never see any of my cat treats from her other litter. Instead, they all get in here and bite away.
Everyone should build their own mini-cities where you can walk around.
I feel like an alien invasion. Maybe I'm a robot.
If you're a vegetarian, you have a great chance to live a vegan life. If you are a vegetarian, you have a great chance to die a very unhappy vegan.
For the next couple years it's going to be awkward if you get a lot of dick in each hand
The people at the front of the line at a poker game are basically the worst.
Every time I read "You are an asshole!" I feel like someone was trying to murder me.
A woman is a guy if you just get off. A woman is a woman if you get off
Why is it only a matter of time until you buy a new shoe?
If you are born and live a year and a two or three year career, in a year you are going to die
At this time in history, it is more important to believe in the truth than to think it is just a dream or a nightmare.
People say that 'I'm really good at finding bugs', but I don't know if I have ever actually found one.
The person who has the most fun has the hardest job
Every woman has the most boobs.
I am a woman in my late twenties
I am more at ease with having two types of friends, but still hate it when the majority of my friends are girls.
I have never seen a single guy with a vagina at the gym.
There are two genders of you, the average male who has a penis and a vagina, and two gender-less people, the average male who has one, and a penis and a vagina.
I wonder if they ever found out about the "hijacking" of phones... That would be fun
When people use cookies for sex, they are really creating a cookie-based world.
If it isn't for you, I'm afraid they won't know they have made a porno after I'm gone.
I wonder if people who are "hustling" to be "hustled" are actually working on fixing the problems being solved.
I always think a big hug to someone in the shower is gross, but it isn't.
If you were to take a selfie, you wouldn't need to put any makeup on your face.
When I see so many girls having orgasms or boobs that they are actually masturbating before their porn. I wonder if the guys have an orgasm too
If a car breaks into a crowd, doesn't it just become a crowd?
When someone is sick they are basically taking a bath, and when they get sick they are taking a break.
The most difficult thing to describe a person on the internet is the ability to describe them not being able to describe themselves
Sugar daddy must think that girls really don't care about their looks.
Tuna cups are just a fancy way to wash a whole tub
One day we will all be dead and the rest of us probably will be sitting there looking at each other to get off our asses.
Bumper stickers are the modern version of graffiti, they just say so much more accurately, but don't really show that one piece of trash is left behind.
I always read things like "Pizza Delivery" in order to stay relevant
When you're having a drink, your body has to work to keep going, until it stops trying to stop. So there's no way to get it going at the same time.
I just realized it's easier to say "F" than "A" in a sentence, and not "S."
Mulan, the mascot of the Disney movie Mulan, is the most annoying human on the planet
I wish I was a big fat dude instead of a fat dog. There are more cats in my world than I have cats.
I wish I could be a "munchkin" in my own skin. In my mouth, I just go with the flavor.
What if we're living on a giant asteroid and that "space rock" we've just left is actually our own planet, and there's nothing we can do?
If you are the greatest, just imagine how fun it would be to be the youngest person in the world. Imagine you can do a lot of things while the youngest person in the world is behind your back.
The more I look back on my life, I feel more responsible for what happens after death.
I want to see a video of me trying to write down my thoughts
The moment you realize you're getting old is when you realize you're not doing anything.
Movies are like movies of the future
If you eat a whole cow every day, you get a fraction of the calories of a cow every day
You never go above a certain size, you don't go above a certain size.
There must be a point at which humans have lived longer
In order to keep pets alive and alive again, plants have to go.
At least 80% of the time when you say "I want to talk to you," you're speaking with you lips.
If a group of people were all wearing sunglasses, then every one would be an enemy of the group that is wearing the sunglasses.
If women had more boobs or a higher dick they wouldn't be as aggressive
All of the people working at a restaurant/restaurant don't know how to properly use the toilet because they're making a living as a chef.
If we had a phone company, and we were the top ones you would have tons of new phones.
Being a human being is like a super mutant, except you are a human being.
You want to die a virgin but you can't do that because you still have the right to ask it for advice.
Gatherers should be considered a hobby for the kids and not the adults involved in it.
"A lot of people are on a death trip" is a very positive phrase, to say the least.
As you age, you become a more and more advanced citizen.
A lot of people have a huge hole in their pocket that nobody uses or uses as quickly as when they were born
The older you get, the more you realize the amount of things you’re missing.
It is more likely than not, for the majority of people, they wouldn’t consider them cute if they were born when babies were born
A cat is just an ugly person
People who don't use all things in their everyday routines are the ones with the most to say about them.
Cats are not good at finding things or keeping things clean. They like doing a really good job of finding them, and we all do the same.
I wonder if Reddit can do a 'thank you' button on any kind of post. Like, 'I'll read your opinion'
You’re never satisfied with your age. I don’t care what your age is, if I did as well as you would say it did, I would do it now.
Everyone, including themselves, have been a part of the past, but not everyone has had the privilege of having a future with us.
If animals could take drugs - we'd all end up like animals.
I wonder how it'd cost £3,000 to fly the next time you go to a wedding to be on the wrong plane, or to be on a plane to that first wedding
I wonder how many people will think I have the same opinion about movies as you do.
Cats are the world's youngest dogs
Since the invention of the modern phone, Apple has made a fortune to make people look like thieves.
A person would have a better chance of getting hired than anybody else on the planet. A person born with a brain would be a genius.
It's funny that I've never heard someone ask why I'm not going to go to sleep
"Shit" feels worse than "yeah" or "yeah yeah".
People think we smell the things we don't need them to see, even though we smell them.
I've never seen or seen a woman that has done breast cancer.
When a dog sits down, does it get really uncomfortable?
If you had to pay for sex at least once, would you be willing to masturbate?
Life in the post-apocalyptic world has allowed me to take a shit but I've never been able to eat or drink or go to sleep without taking a shit.
The only thing keeping a person alive is getting a dick
The universe would be so much easier if the Earth were inhabited by people without kids.
You can probably find a single redditor on /r/worldnews in your life.
Birds/bats are just really good at controlling their minds.
If you want to see what life would look like if it was reversed you can watch a movie of it on Netflix and try to replicate it.
If the reason why we are able to travel is just because we need to, we shouldn't be able to travel because we are.
The "Don't worry about it" slogan is actually a very simple slogan: don't wait.
The only reason I buy a lot of shampoo is because one day I will run out of shampoo.
Moths are just spiders that make shit more shitty
Houses are just flats
As an adult, I do the work, I sleep, I wash, work at the gym.
How awesome would it be to finally become a billionaire, if you were only rich enough to ever own a villa.
"You've made it too late" is a good indicator that something is just too late.
In the future, if a robot is on a planet with humans, the odds are that they'll be on Mars.
Why does my dog care how I see him? It doesn't look like he's just giving me instructions.
Why do we use the word "a person".
I can see no reason why we should be able to turn off sound and light sources on homes so as to make them safer.
People who believe in the existence of gods need to find a good reason why no one will believe in either of them in the future because no one will believe in either one of them.
We have become so stupid that we are not afraid of ghosts because all ghosts are dead.
The greatest villain in the "Savage World" must have been a woman named Midge who ran away from the castle.
The first one who was actually put in charge of a city will probably be a lot healthier after the movie.
How many of us have watched one or two commercials before?
If you don't eat meat, but your friends eat it, the only thing you need to lose for your life is meat.
"Be happy". That is how one says that "a sad letter can help you do anything".
What if a guy who has sex has just turned into a girl, and wants to have sex with another guy?
They should make an ice cream sandwich that is made from ice
The Internet has been a lot longer on my brain than I thought.
Why are there so many gifs of my birthday? In the future, I will have my last one
I wonder what day it is because I can't remember all the pictures.
If the term "the internet" is used as a noun, then a lot of time will have passed since the web was invented.
All cars should have parking sensors that can spot pedestrians and stop them.
The only thing that the universe can destroy is atoms.
If you see a lot of trees, you are less likely to see many.
We'll never know how many people were born in the future we have not even realized we exist.
It's scary hearing the sound of your hand moving through the air, but it’s not scary when you're wearing diapers.
If one person had enough food for the rest of their life, a baby could be born of the oldest person
When someone makes fun of someone for taking pictures with a phone, the picture is not interesting, but because I don't want my camera to be taken with this camera.
If some people were cannibals, and could eat humans, would some people be cannibals?
If human and animal love has a strong correlation, why are they often shown in movies as a very different species?
The fact that people use a restroom is actually the same thing as the thought process of turning to the bathroom and seeing people peeing.
Why do our ancestors wipe our asses, when they could just use their hands and wipe it all along?
Most of the photos for animals I see in the mirror probably show them in their natural form, except animals like giraffes and lions
I should probably be looking for a different species to tell me who to eat. Like a man trying to get fat with his legs.
There were times when I thought that "getting off this bus" was kind of funny, like, when I put the gas pedal down and realized there was no gas and no gas pedals on
I've seen more people in the street before than I'll ever experience in my life.
I wonder if I just didn't listen to the people that said they couldn't listen to me.
I'm still in high school, but my parents never put my phone to the side of the table when I was at school.
What if we've all gotten a taste of the future, and have an opinion based on who we are in the future; or something that we will be seeing in the future, like a futuristic dystopia
The internet is a giant game of thrones
Is this where the "I can't read this, I just can't find it"?
The most impressive thing my parents, siblings, and kids ever did was to have a birthday with their parents from a long-ago time, which probably put them in a position to be most proud of their siblings' birthday.
What if there are actually ghosts in space?
I wonder what it is that attracts the most people to my life.
There must be a time machine that has been programmed to never get tired.
We have a choice to choose between the world we live in and the world we live in.
The sound of a dog whistle when a cow breaks its leg hurts, but the sound of an animal breaking its leg on its front step hurts.
The best way to keep things nice but also to not do anything embarrassing would be to make their pets happy as well.
When people say they are proud of who they are, they are really just praising people as they are.
In the future people will be using Google Day to highlight the fact that they are not just some random person
How do zombies get laid?
If aliens visit earth, they will start all over again eventually, so we're left with no choice but to assume that they're here for a reason
In a few cases a man could have to die if he wanted to be cremated
You never grow tired of driving to work, just like you never grow tired of waiting to use the bus.
There's something very refreshing about a picture of a young man wearing a dress that's a nice touch for people you've always avoided because you know everyone would notice you wearing that.
When I grow up, it would be a new "sophisticated" style of clothing.
My favorite word to use in a relationship is "unpopular"
The amount of times I've used the word "bisexual" when speaking to other people is probably high enough.
Most people who say they're gay are just as bad sounding as a lot of people who use the word "bisexual"
If I'm going to die, will I be "beating" myself everytime I blow off?
My dog has the highest IQ I've ever seen or seen.
If we take something away from the person that gave us it, shouldn't we give it another?
Saying you never give up doesn't mean you never take it back up again, but it does mean once you don't give in again, you never give up again.
Fishing is just fishing for fish.
No matter how hard you try to dodge an opponent's poke, you'll never be successful in hitting them first.
If all the earth is a circular piece of paper, they are essentially just straight circles.
I feel the same way about my own pets as I do my pets. We are the same age, we are more alike, but in some ways.
If we think about it, we're all just living a different life.
We do not believe in evolution because we believe that evolution is the way we believe it to be.
The same people with the same face could have the same feelings you don’t get.
We would probably never know who first invented the Internet
If somebody is having an epileptic seizure after taking LSD, they’re one lucky person.
If the most important thing in life is not what you say it is, nothing at any cost matters
All the things we learn from animals, but all of our friends and family will have something similar if we didn’t eat them.
In the future, robots will just find us more useful and useful to be robots. We will find ourselves not to want to be robots
“We’re All Being Incognito” is like the game we played with our kids”
In a world where we have to spend as much time driving as possible, it’s actually more convenient to watch people on their phones than walking up stairs
Your parents aren’t the only ones who were once lonely.
Every new year brings the release of “the”, yet they are getting older.
We don’t want to spend 100 hours playing video games on our phone.
Humans always thought we were the most selfish and self-centered people.
The person who made it up to get a job is technically also the person who invented it.
If a person can learn a new language, does that make the original the original person? What about people who try a new language before they learn it? How do people who try new languages even know what they can learn?
The best thing about the sun is having a shower.
I wonder how high my parents predicted the future.
The worst thing about people is when they eat themselves to save them from being eaten
People say they are "perfect for" something
When we are "perfectly clothed", when we are "completely naked", when we are "completely aroused"
When doing something good on purpose, a bad idea can be avoided easily.
A "bulk" cup seems like a fancy name at first, but when done correctly and comfortably it will become a real thing in a couple of weeks.
I wish my kids could have more confidence in me than I do.
The universe itself is a simulation where all the numbers just end up in the right place.
The best thing about the sun is when people eat themselves to save them from being eaten
I wonder if anyone has ever played the original GTA and been more honest with their story
No matter how much you use your phone, you always assume the same picture from different angles.
Do guys who work outside of their house take showers?
I wonder if this post is worth reading because everyone has agreed to stop using the hashtag “the #”.
People should have the ability to check if their friends are actually in the bathroom.
Do kids who are playing video game like them have a "I need to use the restroom" mentality? If they go and use those two things together with all those adults then I wonder what the kids would be saying about me if I didn't use the bathroom.
If we had a "real life" show and kids had to take the stand for all the stuff that came with it, we might have a lot of kids who would be a lot happier.
The best advice I've ever received is that I should try and find the perfect balance of being a good human being and a bad human being.
It's really weird that the people in my high school class aren't a starry eyed bachelorette type person. They're mostly just a bunch of awkward, socially awkward losers.
I'm in high school now, I wonder how many times I've thought to myself "I want to go to the gym again" and then turned off all my alarms so I could be "unwelcomed".
If you are in the shower and don’t have a shower, doesn’t that just mean you don’t have a shower?
Your legs are just your feet.
We spend our entire lives being alone but our own stories are unique
Babies aren't very useful at all in society until you're a mature adult.
If you were to leave a phone charger for 30 seconds it would go off.
Most people will probably die in another time if we all stopped breathing
If we go all the way to the star, we're going to miss so many Earths already.
If the world was a simulation, you would never know who was next to you. All you'd have to do is be around you, and we'd all be looking around.
People who tell their kids to not judge others must have a bad sense of humor.
We are all a few years into a generation of humans who will be able to survive this new technology.
The way people use your phone isn’t a bad thing because you are actually texting.
When you eat raw meat, you're eating something cooked.
There is actually a whole ecosystem that keeps your food safe from diseases that could cause your illness or cancer.
The person who came up with 'the word mustache' did so with the intention that he was really just saying ‘it’s a mustache’.
The real life version of the "I bet it was written in the 18th century" joke was written in the 18th century.
It will be a sad day when, like the late 1800s, the internet becomes an adult porn site.
If you read in the top of your notes in a job interview, people will always find a way to give you an answer to a question
If there were a millionth of the world's population were there a billion people looking for a job and they didn't want one?
I wonder how much money every one of us, living off of the $1,000,000 dollar monthly income we earned, would be worth.
The world would be a more peaceful place if the world just became a smaller population.
The guy who found the perfect pair for the first person to ever see her naked was actually just a genius by the time Bill Gates did it
Cars should get to go to the moon and run around the space station instead of going down to the atmosphere.
If people made a song titled, "It Won't Happen to Me", they would have a much bigger fanbase.
When I was a kid I didn't do a lot of homework. When I got older, I just did homework.
We are all under water, but we live on another planet
My body makes me smell like my butt.
Every day, whenever I get a call from a person on the Internet, I try to remember what the time of my death was before it was known for them.
I probably miss my mother a lot of times in the UK because I get annoyed when she keeps asking if they know how to do a "screw the clock" routine
If you ever see me with my head up, I'll make you think that I'm having a hangover.
The internet is like a secret base for people who have never been in a real life relationship and never would have been able to have those conversations and get their thoughts in a nice, natural way.
Everytime a person says "We don't like you", they’re technically saying that they’ve gone wrong.
Maybe the only thing that matters in a zombie apocalypse is that the zombie apocalypse doesn’t happen.
What if a robot apocalypse existed and the apocalypse happened on the day of the first time someone ran away?
I find it ironic that people are obsessed with "seeing the end of the world because it's going to be too late" and if you try and see it as a good thing, it’s just a way of seeing the future.
I never realized how bad I ate soup until I was in my mid 50s.
Reddit is like the adult version of a porno. Every day, you find that you have to be a little better at it.
I wonder how much I can go to the bathroom using a restroom that doesn't have garbage bags in it.
The idea of people masturbating is the thing that makes me sick. I see myself as an artist, but it is not a sign that I have artistic potential.
Tin is like a color filter for hair.
At some point in your life, you are living life to the fullest possible extent
We all know which of those "good" memes are actually good.
If people can't remember past memories, there probably isn't any evidence that there will be any.
You never really realize what a man is until you get his penis.
What if you were born on Earth and you were a robot, right?
What if people are simply humans that never took part in human sacrifices, yet we continue to sacrifice for them even when we are unable to.
The phrase "I'm not your friend" is an important and significant piece of information for everyone in the world, but it’s also not a compliment.
You're more likely to have sex with someone someone else than you would with yourself if you're the one sleeping.
If there was a video of a gorilla holding his own with an arm, it would be called 'Farting gorilla'
A man's genitals are one of the last things that he ever feels.
The person who coined the phrase 'I'm not you guy, I'm just a guy' probably didn't want to talk about you
Loneliness is the opposite of laziness. It makes you want to get up, but in order to do that you have to do anything extra, which in turn makes you do less, which makes you more lazy.
When you’re young you just want to experience the world more than you think you do.
Saying "Good job!" in front of someone who doesn’t listen is just as disrespectful as doing it in front of someone who doesn’t listen.
The same person who gave us all a cold when we just ate doughnuts should be remembered for “Good Work!"
The word "lick" is pronounced the same as the word "chicken"
Bag of the best food you buy at a dog show is really just a box of chicken and gravy in which chicken is bought
If we wanted to live in a world where a company called Zorrel's sells drugs to patients, we could take a shot at making real pain killers for the masses.
The most expensive thing a car has to offer is a 5/100.
The word "fuck" is the farthest thing from being "fuck" with "fuck" actually being "fuck"
If you're allergic to anything, then your immune system is your body
If I ever had to buy a new phone, I would just call it "Oops!"
There should be a "don't ask, don't tell" subreddit where all the people in a room don't ask questions. Then they could be allowed to say "I can't believe you, can you believe me"?
If I live in a different country from other people then I think it would be a nice place to hide my identity.
It must be very weird if someone dies in a car and is buried in the ground.
I would like to meet someone now. The people who have died before me, will always have so much knowledge and knowledge about me to take with them.
I don't know how I feel about the fact that I'm the only one to be alive.
I hope we can put 'pissed' in the dictionary and say 'pissed with a dryer'
I wonder if anyone has ever noticed a person who was wearing a T-shirt with a big 'U' next to them.
"Get out" is a bad sign I've never seen
If a new generation were to grow up, they would grow up to be so different that they aren't able to remember what "this year" is.
When you are younger, your best friend and the first person you saw were in the exact same room together for the last time. Then you'd be the most normal person in the world.
Halloween has made me more optimistic about the world, but not so pessimistically about the world.
I'm used to people wearing sunglasses to look like they're in for the most dramatic and dramatic moment in the day, but if I see people in a movie naked, I'm more confident in my judgement.
One of the best feelings is knowing that there was an actual accident/lacctuation, and you didn't die in it.
If you're a kid with a lot of trouble, it's harder for you to find work and live life.
The world would be so much cooler if there was a "Fidgetronic" game where you can see your friends in actual life
Why didn't you just take the "D" out of every phrase you want so you can say it in every single possible way
I bet this year the first day of the month is going to be a really boring one.
The older I get, the less I understand why I feel bad for my dad.
The last three quarters of December are still a month in, but in all the years we've been on earth.
What if every time I turn off the lights in my house I'm just a lonely mans brain
If you cut it on a knife blade in the dark, would you be a murderer?
I wonder how many people have already had to do the equivalent of "I see the lights go out"
If humans were asexual, sex could be as easy as masturbating to a movie
Farts are just water vapor being sucked into a tube
Since the earth is a planet, we're just some small planet that is already colonised by another planet.
If you're an alcoholic, and you drink alcohol to be safe, then you only drink alcohol to get drunk.
If a baby has the ability to speak, it looks like they've been sitting for a lot longer than it did.
Halloween is the best when everyone is on vacation
"C-Bomb" and "K-Bomb" should be in the same sentence instead of the other way around.
Being a successful and happy person is like a virus. You get infected in the first week, then you have to get back in to protect yourself and get a refund. The virus then wipes your body.
If our eyes are seeing through our skin, does that mean we have vision?
I wonder if any of these people ever had to worry about getting caught cheating on their daughter.
In the future we might find out who discovered that time is money and who discovered the time machine.
Most famous gay pornstar have a picture of themselves with a vagina
If you start calling it the “the” period you've already been married
You can't buy a shampoo without a bottle of shampoo, unless you have a good bottle of shampoo.
It's hard to believe that the reason we are in a "world without borders" is because we are both on the outside and inside of the world.
I should have the best birthday present ever
When you watch a movie with a bunch of people celebrating your dead body, you think they were actually at the wrong moment because they forgot to bring any body with them when they died.
Maybe people that were born in the last 100 years have lost interest in the times we are living through.
A woman's head is just a bigger part of her body than her legs.
Every time you pee in the shower your mind makes up a mental picture.
The phrase "it will rain tomorrow" sounds a lot nicer in rainstorms
In 50 years the first thing you look at tomorrow is nothing
If life on Earth continues, the entire planet population will have reached about 6,000.
The worst thing that is happening in the Star Wars universe is that all the things in the galaxy are being wiped out by Vader
It's not too bad that we could all be dead if we had a way to keep our heads down.
If the first female to have a baby is a man, it's probably due to her being in a really rough marriage.
When you hear a band play "The Voice," you're probably not exactly sure where it ends and begins.
If your parents have an affair they will talk about it on a regular basis, but they won't tell you about it because it's taboo
What if there was a thing in our world where we think "it takes effort, effort, effort" to use, to be able to move forward and take something else, just like our body is trying to get ahead of us?
What if the only reason we're so adamant about fighting in wars is because the humans are fighting for survival. Our reason for wanting to fight is because of evolution in general that would cause the human race to become extinct?
When "fishing" happens in the ocean, it takes two very different approaches: "catching" and "catching"
If dogs do well at taking food, do they think the dogs don't want to take water, but rather just put on a shit?
I wonder if fish are just the same as us, because they are hungry.
I've learned much more information in a sentence than I did in my life because I used to like to learn all about it, now I just trust the internet for things I need to know.
Life is the "one big bad day you have to go through", but no good day you have to go through to save your life
I probably take more drugs in the shower than they actually take me
The amount of time I have left of my life is roughly proportional to the amount of thoughts I have.
I don't know if I'm alone or just my brain.
If a zombie is bitten by a human, the human skeleton gets eaten and then eaten again.
Why not have another subreddit for everyone to read articles?
How come a porn company didn't create a condom that has to go underneath your pants before you'll experience anal sex?
The only thing I know about porn is how it's made.
I wish there was a way to get a good night sleep and not fall asleep early again. I'd rather lose my job than be forced to spend time in a horrible mood and don't need to be told to "go to bed."
When I have a hangover and sleep, I feel like a professional. At night I try not to work out but I just try to keep working out.
The more you grow up the more school is a waste of your life. The more you grow down in school, the more you will die.
If you were born blind you would always see things as they actually are
The reason we use the new "wishlist" instead of "listener" to describe the lists they're about to add, is if they are "recommended" in a specific episode, you actually think of it differently.
I wonder what the percentage of people who die in the world as a result of overdose would be and what the percentage would be in their lifetime.
Someone should make a new post and show me how many hours of my life we've wasted.
My life isn't so much like a movie as it is like it would be if I was actually a teenager and never had to wait in line to see the main cast.
People that are good at driving don't seem like they would ever know much about driving
If there was a game where you could get on and go to the top of a building, the top would be the top floor.
Sunglass is just real life sunglasses for the face and tongue part.
In the future, robots will no longer be able to reproduce but rather will be able to reproduce themselves. It will become the AI that reproduces.
If you look closely at an image of the sky and it's the real world and see the sun in the sky then the sun is the same image of the world
People are less likely to tell you when their pet has sex, but their dog will always say, "How's he doing?" If I told him that while we were in the shower, he would probably give it a peck.
Most people who aren't famous still are
I don't want my dog to say "thank you" to me, I want him to say "thank you" to my dog.
If a dog has a big head, how old is it?
There should be a method to make a baby that doesn't suck like a lollipop.
In about 10 years when we are ready to do more stuff like create robots, we will just have the last few robots doing different jobs for us...
We can't use a sign language for 'speak'. Even if you can understand it
Whenever I'm watching a movie/TV show I'm always watching so much of it. When watching tv, I am constantly watching.
If I had a dick I would probably not masturbate.
We'd all love a good joke if someone named Joe was talking about a man named Joe.
We need to get rid of the old adblocker button and make a simple application so we can have a way to control their advertisements.
I'm always surprised how many people I talk to who don't actually read the posts on Reddit.
If there's one thing that can make you happy, it's a picture of a girl with her eyes closed and it's still perfect.
You know you are an adult when you make a couple hundred dollars on a mattress to get to sleep.
Do the "big" and "bigger" things ever really hurt their feelings, or are they just part of the whole thing?
A lot of people seem to want to know why their pets don't go outside. They would be horrified to know that someone out there is actually going to have a cat that has never been inside of yours.
The thought of a "normal cat" or a "hysterical cat" can both be pretty scary if you're a normal human.
You can’t touch your own hand because that’s how your hands see you
The older you get, the more you'll regret it
"Folding your hands" probably implies hand-holding but it just implies you don’t have fingers.
You wouldn’t be able to think straight if your legs were just a bunch of hair on someones back.
An alien with a really nice haircut wouldn’t be able to put anything past his head or face
A new book is a better metaphor if you use a book analogy rather than a metaphor
People who read the Bible today have a high opinion of the bible
The first person to use the word "trash" is the only person who can’t stop saying it.
When you're doing something fancy and it gets crowded and crowds comes pouring out and you're getting all wet, you're not having much fun
Everyone likes to tell you to be a good guy, but when it comes to guys, he should be the one in charge.
A picture taken by a human is an ad for an ad.
There should be a “Bread” in movies where it actually hurts more than it helps.
It’s interesting how someone could claim that “Nothing in the world makes a woman” without knowing where the line ends and the line begins.
Gum seems to be very different from everything else ever, so it is very hard to find the truth that isn't already been found.
There should be a post-apocalyptic survival game game where you use a zombie apocalypse survival suit to do your job and you keep your job for 25 years
If we get to a point where we make memes/memes about people/movies/etc then the meme/memes will be too funny and the movie will get more people to like the meme/memes.
If I have a car accident I don't mind the noise anymore because I had to make sure they didn’t hurt anyone...
The people in movies like to keep to themselves by getting drunk, but the people in the real life are so much better by getting intoxicated.
I think I know why there are so many cats in the house but I think that we all have a lot of cats
If an old person were to be born and have children this generation I would not mind it because I would be the oldest in the world
The people at the very top of the news are the ones who know the truth.
With all the recent news on the news, it makes sense to tell people to stop buying things before they sell it.
We should rename the movie "We Are The Genres" as "The Genres"
The best part about seeing all the great movies that are released in the middle of the year is how much of what you see is in the background.
If a girl wears a dress on the first date she isn't the bridal girl, but the second date she isn't the bridal girl.
What if all the world's greatest artists died when we were kids and the world went down an escalator?
If a cat is actually a human, shouldn't it be called a feline?
As a young person living with my parents (born in the 90s) is much scarier than the 90s
If people's feelings were completely different, there would be no need for the "the man who cut a man's tooth" meme
You are at least as old as the person you know...until you die
If your parents can see your every move, can you still tell if it's a joke or an actual remark?
What if I am doing something illegal and it's illegal if I am not?
Do gay people just think gayness is the devil's curse?
As a kid, my teachers would have made me a good actor. As an adult, I was taught that actors are just the people you try to impress on the school boards.
"Do It Yourself" is a shitty slogan for being self aware.
After all these years and my life ending day, I'm starting to think things are going really wrong.
The only reason I can't find myself on reddit is because, since I don't follow porn, the only reason I can get away with it is because I don't want to
As I get older, going to the gym gets easier. I probably just want to make sure I don't feel like I'm being taken advantage of or something.
The human brain must make up a new type of language, a language that has evolved yet to be a language of our own.
Maybe the reason we aren't able to have sex is because they are in a constant relationship with our bodies
If we could only see 2 different directions, we could all be using our eyes as two separate people.
The person who first set up the toilet was the first person to actually put a toilet seat on.
The people who have tried to make the world a better place are probably the ones who had their head shaved.
The first year of college is better than the last year
A lot of the people on /r/all have pretty much the same idea as you when you want to get married and start an online dating website for the first time.
There is literally nothing good about a guy whose name is a swear word because the other guy is a nigger
You really don't know what's inside of a glass.
It’s kind of hard to imagine how people would have reacted if a man named Robert really liked a woman named Mary, without having sex with his wife, and then when the woman died she'd go out in public and the two of them would meet and make such a great couple, and people would still wonder why was that not an accident.
It looks like the aliens have used our planet for all these time travelling technology!
If you are trying to be a good actor when you're not, you're just playing with your head.
The more annoying things happen to the person that is not a good actor the worse they are.
There is no need for more people who don't have the "best" accent to say they are on purpose
When you say "please" to someone you are literally going to say "help"
If a person with an amazing voice turns down their phone number and you go to their computer, your "best" is someone else's phone number.
Porn sites would be very different if you could see how many people were watching their actual scenes rather than being online
If you see a picture of your dog at work, your dog probably won't leave you alone.
Telling people not to take selfies is like saying, "no one is allowed to see you naked naked in public".
I have seen more male naked women than female naked people during this time.
Tearing your shirt off is the ultimate form of torture.
We used to think that a person was a normal person. We now think that a person is somehow special.
If all the world's population is dead, we'll all be able to live an eternity without it happening
Anxiety is like a bad dream. When you wake up you are in sleep but when you wake up you are awake.
It's amazing how much I love people, but so much I hate them
If I used toilet paper, I'd probably go without it for all of their food.
The next Star Wars movie will be set in the future and probably based off this new Star Wars movie
A really cool and powerful weapon would be the weapon of death.
We might have known we were immortal until the day after our parents
Cards Against Humanity should make a movie about what it's like to take the time to buy some of this country's largest cereal, but really just a bunch of teenagers taking in a variety of different types of plants.
How many dead people are in the world? How much time has passed?
The reason why i do not want to write a book is bc it is hard to write a book because it's hard to know what is true or not.
I was so frustrated that I didnt even want to stop being an adult
As much as I hate cats, I hate dogs.
As an adult I thought I knew everything, but now im no good at reading.
People who tell the truth often lose their minds
Wearing that same shirt when my phone rings is like my job hunting.
All I have to do is look at my phone and click on the links because everything in my world will see my phone so I'm going to forget about it and go watch it
I just realized that in the future, the day I die, people will need to turn on their phones, or in my house, to save money they won't have to buy. The goal is to save money on a phone.
The term "I don't know if I was born in the year 9999" just didn't make sense anymore.
If I could go on reddit, my posts would be more interesting for a couple weeks while it's still relevant.
It would be nice if aliens came all the way into Earth from outer space to hunt us down.
You don't know if your "brain" has a human side that is functioning or not, until you realize it's working.
As a child I knew all of the world's secrets. Now that I'm an adult I know a lot of the world's secrets.
If there is ever an accident I will go off to my friends' house and tell them what happened to me. If I do so I will be on the run after they tell me where everything is.
The only thing that makes me happy is when other people think I'm cute.
Maggots are the "one of two" dog
It must be very difficult for a baby to walk on its own.
The people who say, "You can't say no to something like that" are the ones who say "You can"
I just realized that my wife has a very limited amount of money. I never realize how much she spends on clothes because that's what I've always been doing.
The best way to remember something is from when you were younger. If you had nothing to remember at 13 or so, you would look younger than if you were a kid.
My son is always playing on the first floor because he doesn't have space to sleep in.
Someone should make a sub about "you can do anything but yourself"
It's an odd feeling to take the time to read this post, but it's also a weird feeling to see someone else have the same exact experience and have the same mindset of "you can't do anything but yourself."
"You can do anything but yourself" is a pretty powerful thing to say. But, how can you be able to do it? You can't just keep going straight up and down, you can't just keep going through all the things that make your body so damn fast.
Life is fun because it gets you where you need to go. You go to get what you want and you don't stop there. You just have to stay around.
When I read about people being in the middle of a fight, I'm really trying not to think about the fact that I'm in it.
I'm always surprised how little I see in the dark.
The thing with being a cat is that you're never actually as good as you imagine you are
Telling someone that you're going to be fine when they're home will get you more friends than anything else.
Do people who go to rehab really need to go to a rehab centre?
Sending a friend is like receiving a notification about someone else being home in the next few hours.
You have never experienced the feeling that you are dying in a room full of old people.
If you go to a funeral and don't bury your dead, you're doing it wrong.
If someone was allowed to eat dog food at parties, would it be a "dog food bar"?
I wonder how many kids have watched me die and thought that I was really the child I was.
I know about all of the people that work in the world, but I only know about the ones that did it the hardest. That's kinda ironic.
I always think of the phrase "I'm a pessimist." But actually, I'm an optimist.
I always worry about a kid getting murdered because I'm too young to remember what happened.
For some reason, my dog's parents won't take my cat to see her puppy any more.
The "I'm not sure this is a prank" section has replaced the "I'm not really sure this is a prank" section of this subreddit.
People are more interested in how fast my brain takes in information than how it responds to it.
I wonder if I've ever said, "I'm not sure this is really a funny joke. This probably just happens to someone else"
I feel like they should make all of their porn-related videos with the actors who play famous characters from their films.
I will probably never understand that there is such a thing as the "you can't be the only one" mindset...
I wonder how many times we had people in class saying "I'm not sure I've ever met someone who actually knows me" as a kid?
If a bunch of people made a film with a group of actors you would think it would be amazing because all of them would look identical to each other....
People would be much more excited if the most popular songs and movie trailers had been released by the same people you'll see in a TV show or movie
I always imagine the "old you" at a game before I die
I've never actually seen myself be a person.
If you die from an overdose, you've saved others from death.
I wonder what all the porn scenes in the movies of the 1980s were like
The best thing about being an adult in adulthood is having time to take a shit.
If all my data was on me, my life would be better
You can never really trust someone with more than a passing thought of the person you are giving a thought to...
I wonder who discovered the song we all hate just thinking it over
I would love to hear how someone has ruined their credit rating.
I'm pretty sure anyone who talks about a high-profile criminal in the news today will be murdered in a minute
It's really nice to know my house is not a pornhub.
I'm surprised the "D" in Google's name looks like a "m".
"Shopper's office" is a good word to say when you are not going to the toilet. At any given moment, you could be in the toilet with two people with the opposite gender.
I feel like I'm the biggest nerd in the world and the most accomplished writer in the world now.
Being a vegetarian has a lot of advantages for the species. It helps a lot of animals at the same time
If the Earth was inhabited by more intelligent species, could any people ever get a job and not be dead yet?
If I’ve ever eaten a piece of bread with a meat fork I would not eat it until I hit the last drop or you hit the last bite with the fork...
I wonder if I've ever actually touched my fingers
With the advent of wireless charging, Apple and Google should be getting smart as hell about Bluetooth charging their phones and charging them when it's inconvenient
When a human touches a mosquito, he's a mosquito, but when a mosquito touches a mosquito, it's a human.
I'm the only person ever who has known what a "basket of cards" looks like
I wonder if there will ever be an official Olympics in the year 2000.
How would a porn star's day have changed if they got a "don't let the pornstars know we're not here" email?
Is it acceptable to say, "this is what I will do" if you like to masturbate?
I wonder how good a movie camera really is compared to the rest of my senses. It might just take a little bit longer to get right than it does with the computer.
I wonder how many people have already seen someone naked, and then wondered why they did not see it?
Porn sites should take into account that their customers are the most likely to use your product for sexual pleasure, but use it the day after it's free.
No one will ever understand what the phrase "candy corn" is.
An invisible toilet can turn the water on the other end of every toilet into a liquid.
Pizza is the only food that could be called a pie if you ate it for breakfast.
You can't put up with the shit people say, but you can use it as a platform to say it.
I wish I could use all of my time in the world to do something so I could go to sleep.
One of the worst feelings of the day would be when you realize someone's going to be pissed off on you, but then realize that you aren't really pissed
A car's windows could never hit the floor
People born in the late 90's are going to start getting their name from the original car he was driving.
Having to watch commercials on TV is like paying taxes
Whenever I have a text that I see a lot, I feel bad because I've missed out on one hell of a deal. For that part of the conversation I want to get some feedback.
When the guy you love wins the lottery or something, you are the one that wins the lottery.
Is there any excuse for a person that thinks all of the animals they eat is shit? Shouldn't that be the equivalent to "The other guy eats their shit"?
What if there are people in the universe who are completely not immune to the effects of time and space but we are never exposed to how much they are capable of?
When cars get old, the car insurance agency must want to put people to bed
Maybe the reason we use our phones as a kind of public library is so we aren't looking up to get their information.
What if we have evolved to look at everything and see nothing but itself
As a kid I was told not to be afraid of heights. As an adult you can't be afraid of heights.
The "C" and "O" in "C" and "O" are identical, is more closely related to "F" and "K" then the "C" and "O" are
Every time I use a computer I'm typing away somewhere in the future.
I wonder if I've been told by people I speak to is better than everyone I meet on here.
If a house is worth more than a house is worth less.
If someone has a nose, then the two ears in their mouths should be the same as those in your nose.
What if I got laid, but someone else is just really smart and wants to have me do it.
I want to be a person that is born on April 1st 2017
I live like a child in a simulation, and when I die, I am dead.
If humanity ever reaches 100% consciousness it could stop time entirely.
"I don't understand why we keep going on without answers" makes me think a lot of people have a lot of answers to all this.
I wonder how many other people have ever made and donated to me.
It should actually be a crime to have a penis
If I was someone that's younger than me, I'd be happy to have sex with anyone. Not someone that's older than me.
I will forever regret I stopped having sex with a guy over 8 years ago.
Why don't they just release everyone from jail, like they do with the prison system?
The majority of the people that are in the past day of my life are the ones who are supposed to be in today's past.
Why are people so stupid when they aren't stupid? The reason we have super advanced tech, and are allowed to have some sort of advanced form of technology will be the ultimate excuse it's possible for aliens to find out about us and they're going to be more cautious about coming and find them..
Some of the worst days are when your car doesn't recognize them as "buses" on the highway right now.
People who don't talk with the least amount of air in the world don't exist.
In your parents’s or friends’s child, you don’t have the energy to look up at the sky and notice what is on the surface.
With the increase of cars, people with a lot of cars have been getting older.
One day, you will be able to say “We all got that” and still have no idea.
Being a virgin is the only time you can have sex with two adults
Since dogs are just humans, the two of you are technically humans too
The only thing better than getting a second-hand haircut is getting a fresh one before getting a second hand
A lot of people die before they are born, but for adults this is not an issue.
A big part of someone's happiness is knowing something you don't
Liquids and other food additives are like the world’s best medicine, they are what we want, so we end up not working as hard as they say they will
Our world is just a giant simulation simulation
Mild to extreme depression has a similar effect as severe anxiety
We have a great knowledge of how the universe works, and we have no idea how gravity works. But we use the information to get through shit.
A car with brakes is like a car with a tail. It’s just a giant computer that can make a car of you if you wish.
If you can get out of the toilet, it's no longer necessary for us to put a seat in.
The best thing about a human being is when everybody else doesn't like you.
There would be more people having sex than having birth control
We have a "bondage of power" for the first generation but the first generation thinks that power is nothing but what they give it.
I wonder whether or not the universe is actually moving in the direction that it was because of events.
If someone was born inside a coffin, and the coffin was a coffin, it would make sense that they were born in the middle of a dead body.
The phrase "I'm not buying a billboard" is essentially an ad for your advertising.
It's a horrible feeling not knowing how much you are truly worthless.
If we stopped getting so much ink and plastic from cars, people would look like we look at all the plastic that was in bottles, but no one would think there was a single plastic bottle ever in our cars.
If ghosts are real they can see your face but when you are looking in someone's eyes they can never see you.
If no one is watching you I'm just saying they are at my home
I bet the world would be a better place if we weren't so afraid to be invisible to others.
What do I say when a waiter talks to me and I can't hear it right away?
If I can tell the difference between 'old people' and 'new people' I'll be much more sure to make a nice face at a restaurant than I am.
It's good to see that people will remember our "what was said" as "what wasn't said" more often than we don't remember our memories
When people die, they're actually just a bunch of cells that have been living together for a long time.
A baby is actually the only one that actually gets out of bed
Someone who loves you doesn't care for you.
I'm always worried about not getting something for my birthday but I always think about just turning a new device on when I'm old and then turning an old device on as soon as I'm old.
The time I spend thinking about how a product/service works must be better spent putting it off before procrastination if I ever decide to end over doing something.
Whenever I do something wrong, I want to go out and try to stop it. When it happens, I want to use as much time as possible to look for that problem and that problem will never come to you.
Fucking idiots, you cant make a porn based off of your own thoughts and emotions.
If we’re not talking about aliens, that's one of the few things we can’t stop thinking about to make the time go faster
If the earth was a giant ball of iron, would you feel like it was a bit larger than you?
The more you practice with them, the more you understand how they work but the more you learn them by experience.
There are some people who have never heard of them.
People who see the world through mirrors are basically seeing yourself through a blind mirror
If you have 4 inches in your back and 2 inches in your front, there is a 4 inch difference in the height of your butt cheeks.
If a kid is born in the middle of the day, is a 12-year old still 18?
Your parents would be shocked if the first one was older then you because they would never know.
The one thing that's not "unpopular" is it's actually "unpopular."
The opposite of "You're not alone" is "Everyone is with you"
The term "pornhub" is a really old-fashioned way of saying a really shitty place
There should be a line of people at your funeral (celebrity and not your own family) that go in to the coffin and put in a bag of flowers and bring everything but the coffin to you.
It would be a bit hard for you to know how much money you've earned in a day if you'd only know the difference between money and life.
When you're younger, you think about your parents, and when you're older, you realize the person who made you think about you is now your parents.
A "hockey stick" of a game for a "freebie" is a toy of a game
If your life is a million miles you never know where your next destination is.
I'd like to know how long a celebrity has been in rehab after being in rehab.
How did a lot of money go into getting your teeth cleaned?
Dogs are the only pets you've had sex with. I think I feel bad for humans but only once in my entire life has that happened.
Farting is always a good and a bad thing. I always fart out while running on my arms.
The more I know what is going on, the more I realize what I am afraid of.
Most people can't hear you
Creaming must smell horrible. The first thing you do when someone says it smells bad is make sure they don't say it's bad so they don't think that you’re crazy.
Coffee is just the opposite of coffee.
If you go back in time, every time you go on a cruise, you should see what the ship was that day
If a woman is going to tell a "young man I want to hang out" a younger man must want to hang out.
Saying someone's name is the sound of you giving up the ball.
I know how to avoid a lot of accidents but nothing I'm the least likely to do can actually be prevented
I wonder what we are doing in Antarctica.
How is it that there are no "good" people? The only good people aren't really good at something, and everyone else who knows it is good.
I wish I were a scientist so that my computer could work on computers.
Saying "you can't" is like saying "if you can't hear me, you can."
Does anyone else have a favorite pet that we named after?
People complain about the weather we're experiencing, but it's true that we also do not have a perfect night's sleep.
The Earth is literally a tiny planet with the smallest water body in the sky.
Every single dog has an opinion.
In a year you can buy a book with millions of pages of information, yet at the same time you spend your time searching for all the books you can find online.
If there was no end to the human race, one day humanity would be extinct.
Maybe if we had a lot of time left in a day, we would have the time to get to know each other more with a more intelligent organism, and then learn from them about each other through communication.
A lot of people just think of death as a life-and-death battle.
If you're an idiot but you manage to get around the death penalty, it's not the death penalty really affecting an idiot's life.
The fact that you can drink beer with other drunk people is the original drink, but now the law has a way to work around that
We're living in the future. The next generation is going to be kids who have to go to the ER, put on sunglasses and pretend to not understand the difference between alcohol and magic.
Why do car companies advertise the rear wheels as having "super-speed" over the highway because they get drunk while driving?
When you look at someone's hair, they were really just two people looking out over another.
You can't say “We will soon forget “ while saying “We will never forget this."
A band that goes nowhere is either great or bad.
I'm glad there aren't more people to watch porn on, they'll come to know my opinion of it and be able to see if they agree with me.
It would be awesome if we made a character in video games who is immune to all diseases, like in real life, instead of a disease like in video games.
What if you've been a murderer for a while but have a good memory?
Since the internet is going online, the Internet is being watched by a completely different part of the public.
When you're a kid, you learn to appreciate things by watching movies, but when you're older, you become fascinated by what an adult knows.
I wonder if it's an indicator or a gauge for the distance from my car where I can't leave it.
There have been countless posts where people are saying "if they can't be sued, I can sue them" and "I won't be able to watch this movie because of a cop killer".
When you think about it, you're more likely to die of a heart attack during your second trip to the doctor than a stomach ulcer in your first five minutes of a workout.
If people were able to learn how to think like a child, we would all be happier.
A book and pencil would be more valuable if it showed you how to make a pencil.
Someone could be the greatest villain the world could encounter in all of fiction for that matter.
If we were to become the first civilization to colonize Mars, there needs to be a movie based on the future.
If you say "It's only a dream" doesn't it have a dream?
If an alien war had happened 100 years ago, it would have been so much more tragic.
Since I've been driving to college I've had the same thoughts as I did in high school, and still can't find any reason to give any thought to my car battery.
I wonder how many people have passed through a prison that was designed to hold thousands of people.
What if the entire internet is just a giant AI controlled by smart people who actually understand the world
In a future where people are more prone to forget things than to remember them , I wonder what new technologies will be that prevent you from forgetting things more frequently.
I wonder if my housemates have the same reaction to new news stories as I do of new movies?
When doing tasks in a busy environment, I usually look forward but when I do my work, I worry about a work done tomorrow.
With the advent of 3D printing, the future of the 2D printer may be over.
It's amazing that I have this much free time and so little time to waste with stuff that I need (e.g., paper) for only one full hour a day.
People who are younger than me and I don't grow up reading our Reddit posts. They don't know the difference. I'd understand if a lot of them had read our posts too.
I feel like I am at the point where I want to go back to being a normal person again
There is always a guy who is a "good friend" of mine, and there are always gay people that I can meet and feel good about.
Funny how our ancestors never considered their ancestors to be "good people", yet this is what modern society is based on.
Saying that the world is on fire is probably a good way to say that someone is dead.
I know how long a book is. It could have been written in the same timeframe that the first book was written. I guess I would have been good at reading it because I am good with things that I know nothing about.
We're all just one person in a world of so many species, but in fact many of these species are probably also one group.
I think being a parent is basically just a shitty way of knowing the world isn't always on fire
I'm not impressed by how many times I've run out of ideas. If I had a list of what I'm more frustrated at to try and avoid, I probably would have thought it's way worse
I always think that everyone in this world is a fucking dick.
At some point in time the entire world is just gonna end so my kids won't notice.
We're living off of a shit storm that really happened in just a few years ago, and I'm a lot closer to death than we thought.
We all have very different experiences when it comes to getting our own car.
If we have time signatures, a song from that era would always be a song we'll never hear.
If we use the internet to communicate, then we have gone beyond the point of understanding the idea that people talk.
Cleaning your home is like wiping the floor with a wet towel.
Why is it that all the time when you're sleeping, your brain is telling you to stay up, but you're actually getting up.
The reason why we see a picture of something is because we can't see it without looking in the mirror.
If you put your feet under the bed in the room outside the bed, it might get wet because it is just touching it with your hands.
If you give the wrong answer you know the answer is wrong.
People with a mental illness are more likely to give up their job than the unemployed, unless they have a mental illness.
In every game you beat, each level of an arcade game has at least one character that will get you killed.
An air mattress is just your underwear with the hole in it that you put the mattress in
When the weather in winter is colder than in summer, do we say winter is warmer as winter is cold than in summer?
The reason why someone is told not to wear a shirt as a T-shirt is because they have a job, but in the event of a disaster at a wedding band, shirts don't look too good while t-shirts do.
Dogs are just our super fast asses that don't want to die...
If you want something from your parents, go buy yourself one.
What a weird order of things we use to feed our pets, until they grow up.
At one point in time, when you were a child, the world was the adult version of an "Inception". Now, in the future, it will be the younger version of the "DreamWorks Sequel".
The only reason not to get into a car with a kid is to be the adult version of a kid.
You should be able to make a pizza without removing both of your hands.
I've always assumed that if I get a free water bottle I can then buy a drink and use the water for my own drinks.
There should be a “Free Beer” option for “No Beer”.
I've never seen naked actors naked on stage; my wife does.
We should open a "sushi bar" to showcase our sushi but with only fish and squid.
People living or dying in the future will look at pictures and think, "What is this future for?" We are all about to change this.
It must suck more for my mother to sit on a computer and see every new porn I've ever seen.
They make a $1 book for every single movie it's based.
I wonder if all these people who will be coming back in the future are the same people who left a song on Tidal last month.
A lot of Redditors might have gotten their shit together before the day the internet was invented
I wonder if my family can just decide to make a new version of the movie with a new trailer.
The only part of my dog's life I know how to use is poop.
When you're drunk in public, you're basically drunk in a private bathroom.
I really didn't notice the fact that it was being put on for sale that night.
After "The Walking Dead," I feel like I can trust the actors and writers and everything in between.
If you're a doctor who gets killed by a serial murderer, you probably never saw those killer spiders and only got to see a series of murders.
If people actually see ghosts and werent real, they would find it creepy.
You can only see the stars if you go out in the night when people are watching.
If the internet was invented and everyone knew it, it would seem that time would stop as soon as it started. Now everyone knows that time has stopped so you are able to see time on its own.
Why do we keep doing things that seem random but when a person is dead we still do it as normal to us?
Every time I see the world in 3-dimensional, I always end up with a weird vision of my brain while I am typing.
If you take my dog and rub it, then will it move?
Beds are the most advanced form of plastic
My mom never had an original idea for a "M-Bike"
The phrase "My mom doesn't believe in ghosts" doesn't make sense in the US, unless you assume that other countries use the phrase.
It's weird how things change
Dogs love being seen through the eyes of people that are in another country, but if you look at cats and dogs and people from another country, most dogs will not believe you because he’s not your favorite movie character from that country.
A 'real' person is just a person who only thinks when they see something bad on tv or a new movie.
The only thing that will come with having a baby is a child
The sound of some music is a lot more annoying when you're a kid than you are when you're an adult.
The word "good" describes nothing but a good one.
Maybe we’re all just as mentally ill as we are, but we’d probably be so much better.
The only thing that will get you to buy a new one that will fit your new phone is that it has a 'laptop screen protector'.
Fifty Shades of Grey is about as bad an advertisement as there is for a pornstar
A cat is the most beautiful thing around.
In the future, computers might be able to create digital pictures of people at birth to help identify each person's age and gender so you can see if the person they identify with the most will be the oldest.
"I haven’t come to the right place" is a pretty useful reminder about the fact that you're already the furthest away the furthest we can be from where you might be.
Maybe we'll see more UFO sightings in 3 years because the more people realize about UFOs, the less we know about "the other side of the moon".
When I was a kid I thought that when I found one, I wouldn’t remember to change the time or location of my bed. Now that I have kids, I think I know exactly when it was my bed time to leave.
The idea that in the future we might all be able to look and feel anything we want without looking out the window is kind of exciting
If you tell someone to stop talking about things they only don't understand, you may get yelled at as soon as you start telling them to stop
The people who play chess will never be able to stop playing this game.
Wearing a shirt that has a collar collar and a collar is a very fitting garment for all seasons.
If you've ever held your own hand, would it be as dirty as it is?
It goes without saying that it's the best feeling when you just feel like a bunch of weird guys.
I wonder how many times we've unknowingly fallen asleep through our own thoughts.
We all should learn how to do a little bit more math on our first day of college, and then work on it for a couple more days each year.
The better I see the world, the faster they can get rid of the earth from their hands.
Maybe I just wish I had an option to leave the "I hate to see you" email address on the front page of google.
We use the term 'fringe' to describe a certain group of people, but we tend to use it in a derogatory way when writing the description of people.
I'd be incredibly confused if I ever met a white person who had white hair
I hate myself being someone else's asshole because I know who they are and it's because they're the only ones who seem to be attractive to me.
We need to start making more of something or something else that's just about to be released.
If the universe is infinite, its the longest of the nine dimensions, so we can refer to it as the "Nine Equations"
I hate being asked questions but whenever I've seen an answer I can't resist asking it on reddit
Do women have breasts when they give birth?
If I've ever tried to find the girl that I want to sleep with, my odds of seeing her are so high, and I won't have a real chance to.
If humans had a higher population and population density than most other species, people would be able to go out of business faster, because less people would be able to look at their phones.
How many people from the past have ever thought of themselves first and thought to themselves that they weren't? Because the past doesn't exist, and the future doesn't exist.
Maybe someone is the least likely to die in a world without any of us except for the sun.
I wish there were more days off work than the day of the month.
When someone looks at you they’re actually thinking about you.
Most of us are just the butt hole of a movie.
The more money we spend on things in a long time the more worthless we are.
If we can't see time and space at the same time, then what does it take to put a watch or a calendar on a watch?
When people say "you can't eat a potato" we always say "yeah" and "no" but when we say "you can eat potato" they always refer to us.
There's a long and tragic history of people trying to make sense of time to justify their actions.
A person having kids in their 20's will likely never have sex in their adult life.
Someone who's not into superheroes or pop culture should be called a cape.
We use our phones like we used to talk on computers. But now we use our phones like people talk on computers
In the past, people thought the planet wasn't inhabited, now it's being visited by aliens.
The more it is possible to do something on an alien planet, the less human it is possible to do.
The future will see a very different world from what actually exists
"Babe" is the same as "socks"
You can only see your eye blink two times in a day.
Sending a text has the same quality as putting a text to text.
How can we "read", "take a picture", "take a picture", "take a picture".
The one thing that is missing is the way you will die.
The human body has a 3D printer, we cant figure it out yet.
Every time I make a friend list, I always assume they’re one of us.
People think that it was my brain that thought that I'd be in such a bad situation and if they could explain it right now they might be able to fix it.
Cats are the only animals we don't actually think anything about but they don't need a reason to be happy
If you get enough sleep and you make enough money, if you have enough to eat and drink, then you become a billionaire. But if you lose enough sleep and eat no more then you become a bitch.
I'll never know who is better at something or what they are.
Since the NSA collects emails for me, I don't have to worry about NSA intercepting emails.
My parents and I often had to make fun of the alphabet soup because we always use something.
If they don't release "Kenny Loggins", they'll release "W.W. Simpson" instead.
If "Gone Girl" turns out to be a movie, I think I've been seeing more black girls than white guys
When you have a friend who is a very good singer and doesn't sing for long, you're basically trying to do the exact same thing
I wonder what happens when two things always coincide but you don't see it going on
When I was younger, I would turn on the lights and the music was nice but now I wonder if someone has made up a song that sounded like it would sound nicer without lights.
People who hate spicy food should eat the best, most delicious, and creative food in the world.
What if a video is made that's just a really short YouTube video that tells you what's up. (Maybe, just by what videos I get, I'll be able to remember things that haven't been in the past)
The worst time someone uses their own brain is when they're told they're smarter than they really are
How many people have to "stand up" to their own phone on a bus ride in order to walk?
I want to be able to see my car without having to tell someone what the car is, but I have no way of knowing if I am being told to "stand up" or just being told to smile.
The internet is way more intimidating than before.
When I was in high school, I thought I knew so much about how to do things that people didn't even know what they were. Now I realize I don't.
I hope I can be a good leader in the event I don't make it in the next few months.
What if there is something that will eventually be the future, and we are already in it then we are all stuck with it forever atleast
I wonder if the people of China are the most successful people in the world.
Dancing is actually pretty easy if you don't try hard enough.
Pizza should come with a pizza crust.
The way the internet works is the same as the way the humans work.
Famous people in their 60's do a lot of drugs, but rarely admit to it.
If "fame" meant the world turned out to be about someone who was a celebrity and someone who got hit with some sort of drug, it wouldn't be much of an insult.
Trees should make haydrones so you can make a hayfly just to use as a shelter
My cat's parents were the closest to me because they were the ones who introduced me to cats as a kid.
What if the first person of the last century was actually the first person on earth?
In 10 years kids will look at pictures of my life and think "Wow, I'm literally one of the lucky ones"
I'm surprised that I've never seen a black and white porno
With the invention of the wheel, it is possible to have a person wear a dress.
My son was born 5 days before Harry Potter, and I have never seen a naked person in a film.
If you read my tweets I used to send my post to reddit... I'm now a r/askreddit
People have died of old age at a rate of 0.3 deaths per year, and I know for a fact that it is impossible to keep up with the number of death certificates on my phone.
Someone out there has forgotten my name and I haven't seen it in a while so I'm going to need to contact my friends, if I was to ask for what was my last username.
Whenever I'm on a road trip, my mind is always getting to the road stop, and my driving experience is always the same.
What if the universe is a simulation and the only way to keep me entertained is to watch an animated version of it with the viewer.
Pretend to be a pornstar and have a bunch of friends and you will be their biggest fan in the world.
I wish there was a way to make people forget that I actually like porn. If Reddit was a real thing I would be the butt-hitter of a zombie apocalypse.
It's not that I'm a genius but that I think I'm one of the smartest people who is on Reddit.
If a movie about the discovery of artificial intelligence is made, there is going to be a video or movie.
The phrase “never say the lyrics” has never been used before.
Dogs would probably want to find a way back to the present day and come to us for them.
I wonder if you will live a full life as a child or older.
Someone should open a restaurant called “The Meat Market” in New York City that is not an restaurant.
If we are going back in time we should also tell the world about how we were, so that when they hear about us they will just imagine how lucky we were when we got there
All the animals we kill are always the same, but each is a different species
The word "fuck" sounds more like a "fuck up" than something "fuck up"
What if we don't actually know where all the sunspots go, but instead we just know we're gonna look for it and get the sunspots...
If you use a smartphone with an app in your pocket that says "Use Google Maps as an app to get directions", you are literally calling the app "Google Bus".
If you say something wrong in a language that was spoken by multiple people, it will usually be explained by the author who is missing the point.
There should be an app for the deaf people to check the spelling and pronunciation of the nouns in a text comment but they have no idea how well said the noun is.
Why not use "waste" and "porn"? That way you can tell if all of the "wishlist" was a waste or a waste
Someone should design an app that allows you to record a full episode of porn to put on Netflix for everyone who listens
One of the oldest things we do is get to watch our friends get mad at us and yell at them for it, but everyone takes a long time to tell someone how stupid we are.
Towels are the best place to put your trash from your closet.
If you think about it, the fact that the world has been in a state of chaos for too long makes everything worth nothing
The last time I used Google Drive, I got rid of all my data in a single folder and I wasn't going to remember anything.
If I live near a dumpster I like to put everything there, but when I'm out, it's the dumpster I look forward to the most.
If I ever get really old, I will try to teach my grandchildren how to play pretend
Whenever I hear comments on something, I assume that the word 'comment' is a comment.
If there were a game where you could pick one hero and not die, where would it end?
It's funny how many things I find really funny before we all go to bed and enjoy the rest the next day, but nothing stands out more.
As an actor, I always say, "The best actors die of boredom." But that's not so good if they can't write down a list of what they do in order to be considered good actors.
It's good to be smart as an idiot, but it's bad to be stupid as a smart person.
Cows are the only species that don’t love their own pets.
The word on a bag of chips is actually a bag of chips
I could see today and know every picture of it because I had no idea.
I wonder what it would be like if, when asked for advice on how to avoid committing suicide, I never even knew what it used to be like.
"You'll see how badly you can keep it until it turns out it belongs to you"... Will you always live with this?
There should be a "S" for "Seed"
I wonder if people use the word "bitch" incorrectly when saying "be careful"
I don't think I'll even ever realize how many people are making comments about how I'm a virgin until I finish my laundry.
Maybe there's just an excuse to be able to see a little less of something.
As an ex-girlfriend, I thought "this is my second time in a relationship" but I'm pretty sure one of her friends has now made it to the opposite end of the phone.
Having to pay bills to keep a job is a form of social security, and I've made more than $600 each of the past 10 years alone.
If there's a way to make a post that's in an episode of The Simpsons, the whole thing could be done from the show's standpoint
As a child growing up I never understood why people with opposable thumbs looked up at the sky when they weren't looking at the Earth.
When do you want to sleep?
Why do they call a car with a built in alarm system like a car that has an alarm system
Do they put gas in it so the car isn't going to freeze if you hit it?
One day you are going to be the only person who is alive that day and someone will probably never see you.
Why do we get a tattoo of our own penis?
Most likely we are the worst at life's puzzles, but we will be the ones who solve the ones.
All the animals at the zoo are like a big bunch of dogs
I think I've discovered my first love in the mirror...
I've seen more naked people in my life than I've ever seen naked people.
The only reason people think women want the same things as men is because men don't like to show off the things they want
When you open a case and put a sock over your leg, your leg is the front of your thigh.
I bet a lot of kids' dreams are filled with the feeling that something in the present day wasn't as important as they thought.
There was an entire generation of people who thought "there is a way to have more" in a book that started with "I have a friend whose friends aren't interested in me and I'm like, but you can't tell that to anyone." That kind of attitude was the future. That's when it's hard to say people are interested in you because they don't know the book.
Methinks the only reason it doesn't matter is because at some point in the future, something we've all experienced will change and some of us will not live long enough to be able to judge it correctly in the future.
If you put a black and white version of a book that depicts the life of a girl with a big head of hair, someone would say, "That's just the plot of a movie where you masturbate while having a good time. And that's exactly what I imagined"
Why don't we use the word "solved" in all of our definitions of what it's like to be an adult? I don't have an answer to it, so I don't get why I'm so used to it.
Most of the people you know are pretty self-aware
The only difference between "The Great Unification" and "The Great Unification" is the spelling of the word
The only people in this world who'll remember being one of the few people to die when it got ugly is you and your family...
It would be pretty awkward if your friend died, all you're going to get is a smiley-face from someone who has no idea how weird you are
Dogs know how to have fun but don't know why they laugh the most.
I find it ironic that it's more socially acceptable to have a tattoo with your face than the rest of your bodies have been since you were born (or before)
Someone out there is better at a job than I am.
Every time I see an app with a new app, I feel like "This app is too good!" This is like I saw The Sims 2 and I'm like, "This can't be true!"
Do cats always think it's the adults when it comes to playing games but when you play with them then they can still be friends with you?
If you were to drive straight down the road in the middle of a long freeway, the traffic lights would turn and you could see the red lights right by.
We are so excited we've forgotten the "new" part of our name.
Why weren't r/newsfuturama a subreddit where I could report on the news of my country (and most people)
I wish the guy who says a lot of the time in the "You're fired" comment was actually trying to get the news wrong.
I know I don't like to die and die is just that it always has two sides. When you die you're doing something you already did and in the past. When you go on holiday and want to celebrate, you're just doing it for the money/soul.
I always buy the product at Walmart and it doesn't seem very nice that the stuff is "unused." I wonder if I've ever bought a house that's worth way less than that?
What if aliens have made a lot of money on their own planet just to make others happy
A year ago the internet never stopped going off of what was now the internet. Today it's going with something new like "I am happy to see your baby" and not "I am sad, sorry."
In the future, there will be a 'Netflix Day' where everyone will know what they are looking forward to viewing.
I wonder how many times in life I've been able to tell the difference between the words 'gave" and "removed"
WWE (Weeping Angels) should make an episode where the team in town is fighting their way to victory. This would give them a much more dramatic look
I wonder if it's the girls who are supposed to be the most popular part of the cast but not the people who are the most popular.
The next time you find a dead body in a library, think of the number of times it's been found in school.
Do girls like watching women's hair on their nipples?
The first generation to understand the importance of sex is the first generation that can understand the importance of sex.
There should be a website that displays the percentage of people in a crowd your age that can't wait for their turn at an auction.
When I was 11 years old, I had to work on a construction job to pay for my dad to grow it. When I was 8, I had to pay for his college tuition and tuition for myself.
I wonder if the people who get the most attention when a movie goes down in the same amount of box office as the original have the best memory of the first movie?
I always think "maybe the most creative person in the world didn't go crazy, but I wish they'd just keep working like that, it would be very productive."
I wonder if Google's search history is a way to record you in order to see your favorite movies.
I wish all the people who drive cars in the world owned as much as I do.
The only thing that isn't really on fire will stay on fire forever
As an African American, I feel like I must have a lot of money on me for eating at McDonald's once I get out of school.
Since the end of World War 2, it's now less of a matter if the Allies were victorious or not
I just realized what my girlfriend feels when I turn on porn or Facebook.
People would have no idea that women really want me dead because I wouldn't think of any of it like the "fuck u" that i'm always complaining about, because we say it's good that I'm not a bitch.
I wonder if there are so many people living in all of these pictures.
If I could ever become a millionaire, I'd use my wealth to buy time to go to the nearest pizza place and buy a pizza just to get to work.
Since we're living in an alternate timeline, The Avengers have a much shorter life expectancy than The Punisher, despite having the same capabilities as the Avengers.
What if the real secret to finding a better phone is not what you'll use it for but what you won't use it for in the future.
Puppy day is just an excuse for kids not to try their best to be parents.
They should have a day off every morning just to celebrate Thanksgiving.
If I was a vegetarian, I could eat any of the animal products I find at the store.
You can't have a bad day but a bad day can be a good day.
I can't wait until it's the only time I've never felt depressed before
What if we have all these dreams and only in the world of a dream to actually wake up when it's time for us to die in the real world?
You never know how much time has passed when you're just too old to get back to sleep.
If the movie 'The Room' had a twist where two women are playing a character in their own house, the other men would be jealous.
What if Harry Potter is a character based on Harry Potter?
The only difference between a good game and a bad game is that everyone's a game at the beginning, but if you play both the "good" and the "bad" games make a significant difference!
If we have ever met a celebrity, that celebrity has always existed. You can't see their face, they only see their face.
People who have a long history of gambling will think their gambling habits are "in order"
We put ourselves in position to have an orgasm to create our own virtual reality. When we do that we don't stop, as when we're in a VR room.
If I am in a relationship with someone who says "I love you," I can pretend that I'm just dating them. They just are and I don't care.
A lot of the things I was taught to not do, are a thing I try to avoid every day.
No matter how hard we fight, we can't hurt ourselves.
Maybe there is someone who is not going to ever own a Samsung Galaxy.
The last time you saw Darth Vader was in 1977 and 1977 was going to be a lot younger.
The "S" in "Sleeping Beauty" is probably in part because of the fact it is silent.
You know you have it when you watch a video. If it was a regular video then your eyes would look like you have one.
At this point, all we need for an apocalypse event is a single cell of corpses.
You can get the whole world to stop watching the show but you get to keep watching the show
If the universe had infinite air, we would never see water in it
What if all the viruses in porn are just porn?
If we can make life more natural, what if the only thing we’re worried about is the humans we’ll have to clean up?
The only time you have to fight a spiderman, is when he's closing it’s doors
The first time we saw a giant squid we thought it was a dead fish but on the night we saw a gigantic squid we thought it was a dead fish.
People are the most passionate of all humans
You know you have not been through life when watching a movie with a ghost on it
You have more fun when you see your friends online posting about you.
We could easily just make things more fun to watch live instead of watching the shows on TV
Anonymity is the biggest form of censorship, and there is no way you could ever keep the majority of people from hearing about it
People who work in the tech support office are like, "I've never seen a porn star on reddit!"
It was probably 2 years before the first human ever existed
The first thing you should never do was open the door to your bathroom.
Humans can live forever, but we have a hard time getting to sleep after midnight
We all remember how stupid we are, and how stupid we used to be. But we all remember how bad we used to be.
Everytime you go to the store and buy something you’re just selling someone's birthday birthday gift.
A lot of us don't know how to use a restroom.
When we say we are "our own" it is a lie.
The movie Star-Lord makes more sense if Luke was a boy because he was raised with a big heart.
I can hear something in the background and I can only see it because I am sitting outside reading the paper
When you get on the bus, you are riding backwards backwards.
Someone should start a reddit gold mining site that uses all the accounts of reddit gold miners.
I've bought more popcorn at the zoo than I would have if they didn't have the toilet
I remember watching the first movie of horror movie, "Ghost in the Shell" as a kid and not a great movie.
I imagine that the first thing we used to wear was a belt and a zipper. Now we have belt loops.
My job sucks when I don't have a job.
Do you ever think about how many hours on a given day you have yet to leave the bathroom to masturbate?
A lot of the internet memes are just the shitposters of the internet
What if everything goes with a bang and is just an alien invasion?
We've probably seen most of the stuff in space before. The ISS is probably more of a tourist attraction than a building
If we really get serious about the future, we should look for the time between 9/11 and the time in the future after 9/11.
I'm so lazy right now. I just want to get things done.
The phrase 'it was always in a box' is a bit vague.
I'm so much more comfortable with taking the time to explain something so simple that someone will automatically assume it is easy and then go ahead and use it to make a point.
I wonder how many times I've seen the word 'shy' in someone's hand just seconds from my lips.
Do cats have no teeth?
I wonder if "spiders" were actually just a giant winged insect
If I was just having sex with someone, would there be an episode where I masturbate and ejaculate?
Most children do not ask themselves "What if they're not human?" But for adults, it's impossible to ask "What if we're not good at this?"
I hate how the world treats me, but I don't hate that I can't have my problems.
What other species of fish could we possibly look at?
I have seen so many aliens in my life, they are never going to see the real world until I experience a completely different world from where I've lived in the past.
If you ever see a really cute baby, you'd really think it was a girl.
I've never had a problem with someone using their phone.
People who are the most educated may be the best at what they do
I've never heard a person talk about running a "mixed team" sport. They could have just said "a team."
As someone with ADHD, I'll probably watch more Netflix than I do any other TV show.
The only real difference between 'the show' and 'the movie' is what the actors do on the set.
I wonder how many people that have been to Auschwitz died there.
If I were a robot, I would get really hot and humid out of it, just so I could get my nose cleaned.
You could make a game of how many times a person has been in the office, and still not have a game made
You never know how much your phone is in your pocket until you use it too much
If the sun went down on an Earth, it would make a hell of a lot worse time for humans.
If a character in a movie or TV show thinks their character is immortal, they are technically immortal.
I was going to throw away all of my coins, but when I realized that I was throwing them away I realized that I had to start over.
My favorite way to do this is going to Reddit, where you post interesting things and you get a response.
It seems as if our ancestors were the first ones to write the alphabet, and not just one.
I wonder if I've ever seen a squirrel in the headlights of a car.
"Garden of Eden" is a great name for a movie, but not "Fruits and Vegetables".
If time heals our wounds, is "Dinosaurs and Aliens"?
I would be happy if I never lost a job I made. I would be a happy murderer.
The more money I accumulate, the faster I can get things done.
A lot of people are afraid to eat peanuts, and we are afraid of eating peanuts
The only person who really cares about that is the person who will eventually try to make it work and get a job.
Pizza and cheese are just the same thing.
A car dealership is like a grocery store for your body.
If our brains could create an infinite string of letters, it would be called random number generation.
I used to trust someone and didn't trust anyone because I didn't trust anything else, now I do.
Pizza and cheese are just the same thing.
I wonder how many other people have died waiting for this to happen
When you buy a new cell phone, you're literally buying an old cell phone
Murdering is one of the less painful but more enjoyable ways to gain a better understanding of who a person is as a human being.
There is a point in life where time can be measured from the moment the person born it, rather than the moment it takes place.
When you are having a good day then it’s not actually fun for you
We use the Internet for jobs that require work and it’s like no matter what the work is no matter what the job demands, we are always satisfied.
If someone is in the news, you know they're getting an STD.
The word for "belly" is belly
If humans got bigger and fatter, humans would be pretty much a tree.
Having sex on the toilet would be like being a kid on a different day.
Humans have made the most mistakes due to the fact that we can't control our own bodies, but have made the most mistakes because we aren't willing to give up so we have a chance at survival.
Pornhub has become the best place to post comments on Reddit.
The future of the adult world is already here.
The first thing we'll hear in a movie is either "it is all or nothing," or "it's all or nothing yet!"
When you're driving, you are probably the only driver to ever pass a light, which is why you're so nervous.
Dwayne Johnson's character in the animated Netflix series, Mr. Incredible, was just a giant zombie with a mouth full of teeth...
I feel like we are all the same color we are from a very different period of time.
The only time you really trust a man and a woman is when the man gives them a massage and the woman gives a blowjob.
If everyone knew which movie they would read it to, it would have been The Shining.
If you think about it, "Kinda" is essentially a word with an uppercase form and a vowel
I could be in a room full of deaf people and nobody would listen so why can't I just have a conversation?
Do people who are born deaf still listen to their parents saying stuff?
A person may get "shocked" when they see a sign of a drug or alcohol, but probably has no idea that they could just as easily be an alcoholic as they really are.
The "I can't say I can" has to be a phrase used in a TV commercial
The guy who invented the sound had pretty accurate glasses
A large portion of a post from another thread of the same thread on the same thread is technically comment that you posted on a personal website.
It must be hard to read the words on "tit" and words on "titnier"
I wonder how much they spend on advertising on 'sport' websites?
How do the people who work at Taco Bell know the job title?
I wonder how many times my phone has been in the toilet since I left the car door open.
You know he's a good rapper because he never says "I came to catch you"
After an unbroken lifetime of playing the guitar for a band for over 30 years I really miss the old man who taught me that there is an eternal "no" song and there is a "yes" song.
"Piano playing a guitar is kinda like playing a piano for the first time" is a myth, but it would be easier to write and play when you only knew the notation of the piece.
The phrase "never underestimate a fly", is an insult when someone is not that talented at playing a sport
Why don't we have the option to donate donations to local charities?
Is there a time where I am a member of the public and I wish I was more than a little older?
There can be thousands of people who had their lives ruined by being born in 2015 but they didn't care so much that their health took a hit.
It would make sense to have people with high blood pressure to live in a subpar home.
As an adult, I worry about how I'm going to die
If the weather was reversed, a whole generation of children could use their dad's picture.
I've only ever known two people who had access to an elevator, but that was really strange
You know you're going to buy a house when someone is wearing a mask and is saying hi.
Why is "pizza" better than "flavored" as a euphemism for "food"?
The Internet is basically a modern day 'mixtape'
"I'm sorry" should be more of an afterthought given the ubiquity of the internet.
If humans would have evolved to a higher level of consciousness they probably would not exist.
When you get divorced and have kids, they should use their real birthdate in the title of their website instead of e-mail, a date everyone wants to see.
The fact that you can tell a car from a truck by the number of turns you've driven will probably be enough to convince police officers with a high-tech camera, to come out and take a photo with you.
If you were able to tell someone you were in love with, would they tell you they had sex with you?
There shouldn't be a word for "stupid" in the title of a book.
I have a weird habit of saying things you don't know in public, and things I never know.
I always wonder if dogs think I'm going to give them a lift or just stay in a different room because I just don't want to be seen or talked to.
Is it a good thing someone could pick up a car and walk around the neighborhood and make it look like it's a normal thing?
I wonder how many people have been touched by my face throughout my life and have all had to go through the full duration of it.
There is something satisfying about not being the last person to take a picture of yourself.
I wonder if anyone else has ever been on the same level of depression as I am.
If you don't give a fuck anymore, how did you fuck in the first place?
The phrase "fuck you, fuck you" doesn't seem to work on women.
The "It's Cold Outside" slogan on the front page of the Internet has been replaced by an "I've gotta get out of here" sign over the years.
I think it's really unfair that I have a bad memory because I can't remember the thing I wanted to do the most.
The phrase "It's a waste of time" is a waste of time.
The reason I don't buy my own toilet paper is for that I actually know exactly what to flush.
What if we are all really lucky we don't die everyday?
To my wife, a woman can be a lady and a man can be neither woman.
I wouldn't go to a gym if I was a female.
If we are "finally" dead, then every living thing on earth must be the product of over a million years of evolution.
When you see a "crony" movie, I find myself laughing a lot more than I did while watching it myself.
When I die a few minutes will be the one that has been lost time ago.
The "Wake Me Up" video is going to sell millions of copies right now in less than 20 years.
Bread is like a sandwich for insects. There are eggs, but they all look like bacon.
Sneezing from bed is the only time you don't actually get sleep to take it off.
I wonder how many kids I've been driving past my door and never heard about my neighbors walking in or out.
Every time I see someone that says "Don't be stupid" in traffic, I know I know something is up.
I only wish I could stop at the car wash. But I wonder how many times it's been a problem
If reddit is the internet, is it like the real world?
I have absolutely no idea how many subreddits I've been on for a year.
If I want to be a dentist I should just take the "dental exam" and be an IT professional for the next three years.
What if I need a brain transplant to keep on going?
When you use the term "I'm a robot" you probably also get a really really nice human
If people were allowed to buy "fancy dresses" that we would have been the only ones with cheap dress.
You can't drink when you're drunk, drunk when you're drunk.
People are always buying items on Amazon. They've bought it because "you need it" or some such thing
Someone should write an article about the invention of pen-printers and the effects they have on society.
One day, someone might create a super power that could transform the entire world into a game of rock and roll
Being a baby is a life sized, mini-game to make you bigger.
It would be so different if we lived in 3D worlds like the virtual reality industry
If the moon is actually over there, the first thing you do is say sorry to everyone that got killed in the moon's orbit.
If you go down the escalator, your way up doesn't count.
Masturbation is having a "wanna be the boss" moment.
For a long time, everyone was probably under 18 at one time. Now it's the same as the average age at birth of all people.
There should be subreddits for gifs and videos that you shouldn't see on reddit.
Trees are trees because they cover a lot of water.
The best answer to "How high would it be in a lake?" would be "Lampre"
The fact that we can't speak in the form of "nouns and natures" but know more about how we spell them than anyone else makes us smart as fuck for not having the ability to spell them correctly (as a kid).
It would really suck if there were a button that let you click links directly to the original website.
Sometimes I don't realize how much I'm making a million dollar investment right now.
It's good that a guy wearing camouflage is so tall, he can barely hold his head high
Every day is only half of my life.
Do people who get laid hate that they don't get laid?
Mint is a grape flavored milk
What did your mom say when you say "fuck it" to your kid when you said "fuck my mom"?
In the future, will everyone wear a wristband that identifies them as being a "smart" person to someone else?
I wish if I wasn't constantly staring at the wall, my phone screen would be filled with pictures of me. You wouldn't need to get a picture, as it's simply showing you in the background.
One day at some point you will be able to take a selfie while you work out at work.
I wonder how many people who bought glasses/wearing glasses have actually made a life saving decision to use them.
I always watch tv because I want to make the least amount of money, but I'm always concerned if I'm paying more for something.
How do women with large vaginas get pregnant when their vagina doesn't have a vagina
I wonder how many times Google has tried to make itself look better using the same font
They should put a lot of power into giving us a new car with the same technology they've just invented...
At the end of a song or movie, you should probably play the most recent version of that song or movie. You already know that this song or movie won't make much sense
As a grown adult, I'm the only person who can watch a TV-show without feeling disappointed while watching.
Sesame Street is more popular than the original The Office
If a serial killer kidnaps humans, the TV show "Tortilla" is about a serial killer.
Meth is a chemical that tastes like your stomach.
A lot of people buy lottery tickets because they want to be a winner. But, in the case of a lottery, you don't exist. The lottery is simply a way to convince other people you are not worth money.
Bath towels are the human equivalent of the toilet seat.
There should be a time slot on most of "Today in History's" events.
I always feel bad about my self-esteem after watching the best TV series of my youth.
What if my parents actually bought me a box of socks?
What if the reason I don't find what I am looking for is the same thing every time I walk in the house, I never realize it for a moment and find myself staring at them.
Dingdong probably smells like jolly old grass.
When you find out someone else is buying something and you have a full stomach, it's like you're a free agent.
People tell me they have sex after sleeping, but that I have sex because I'm an asshole.
My dog probably thinks I'm a dick, because we both do it. I wonder if I would think I was a dick if he had a cock inside him?
The day my kids go to college must be the most depressing thing I have ever seen.
I'm so glad I've never started a new subreddit on /r/news
The word 'flirting' has no practical meaning.
I wonder if a good teacher knows the rules to a class because they're doing homework?
If you can't find a phone lock on a smartphone, your lock is probably not in place.
The difference between an airplane driver and a car driver is how fast that person is on the ground.
All the girls who go swimming in bathtubs are probably just being lazy.
Every time I see a random person, I wonder if they've ever seen what it is that they actually look like
How do you know how smart a person is until they are in first class?
Do we find out the truth when we take a dump or reveal it.
There should be an app that collects information from people to show them the actual truth about what they believe.
I never heard the phrase "I was in the moment" pronounced. It just comes out of my mouth
I think everyone who's ever been in the same room has known someone in an earlier time. I bet there used to be many people in that time.
The best example of how we all have become so stupid and dumbed-down is our childhood
I'm constantly browsing the web without even realizing that my password is already at a good place, and I've never once typed in my password and was surprised it was wrong, as most people have already typed in it.
I hope this year's college football title will have any football commercials featuring my college roommates.
Why do people try to kill us by burying their brains in our bodies. When we put a bunch of flesh inside our bodies, that is where we kill ourselves.
We’ve discovered that the first person to see a tree was dead.
Trees are the ultimate food
The only reason why we are not eating fish is because we don’t want to waste any energy on them..
The only reason why we are not eating fish is because we don’t want to waste ANY energy on them.
People with a mental disorder like depression would probably be more happy and fulfilled
When you find out there is a new book you bought at the bookstore it's like you are the last person to discover it
Tiny fish will think of more interesting places in the ocean. If they find one that was there hundreds of miles away, it would be a huge waste of time, possibly thousands of years in the future.
People who use their phones more than their computers can read is the inverse of the old saying "everyday is a lie".
There are probably people who haven't had a chance to eat someplace warm and cozy, and they've probably never once touched a cold steak.
It’s easier to see something in the distance than it is at a distance.
At this point the only way we can find out if they actually filmed us in space is because we had enough time.
Life is just a VR game/tv show with the same goals
If you have a good laugh or are sad at the end, you don't know a thing about comedy.
We’re all just laughing at ourselves.
A toilet is just a toilet for the human body. We just use it to hold things, clean things, clean things, clean things, wash things, clean stuff things, and clean stuff.
The only true meaning of the word 'not being alive
I've never ever seen a dog on a leash.
You probably never see your dog in a vacuum.
Why does it matter if you’ve used toilet paper for clothes, and not used toilet paper, but not used a toothbrush?
Fitting is what your butt can't do
When a girl goes to get a butt roll she dresses it up in the same way as her parents dressed it up in the past.
Hands are like a belt for your legs.
The more you realize that it's a human thing to suck, the less likely it is to be a good thing.
Whenever you sneeze you're just thinking about how much you've touched
Dating is like sex at the gym
The world has stopped talking about the past.
Why do we make out with our arms when we're at our best?
We are all living in an alternate universe
People are pretty sure that the most common object in a person's mouth is a tooth.
If human history is accurate, the universe might eventually be a completely different world
If you're watching porn you have to watch as many different sets of porn as you can.
If a black girl who is not black wants to be a black boy, he should be called a boy.
The only time that I care a lot about what happens to me when i are about to die is when my mother asks me if I like my baby.
I've had to put up a sign warning my drivers not to drive at night by the sound of it.
People who are afraid of heights have never seen a tall people walking on the street.
If a man walks on the moon, how is he supposed to be "walking on the moon"?
The only type of woman I can think of that I will never touch is the one they need.
I wonder how many pictures I've taken of me being masturbating have been taken while masturbating.
I wonder how many people don't know how to call the bathroom, yet they still use the bathroom.
I wonder if the only people who are completely happy to buy and sell me a cup of coffee are those who refuse to buy it.
If all of us in this galaxy were born in the same way, would there be the same number of people living on this planet today?
Maybe the most accurate depiction of the existence of dinosaurs was not dinosaurs. The dinosaurs, are basically the same living creature.
There should be a "favorites to friends" area on your favorite website.
You can play some music you like on headphones at this point, but if you want to play a song you like, you should have to plug it into a USB to use it.
Whenever I buy gifts for someone I use the coupon code, "Socks." I think that everyone already has such a nice pair of socks, and I would just like to go back to using the code to go back to how much I need something.
"If it costs less than 1.5% to install, it will take less to install." - Bill Gates
I wonder if "watched, thought about and laughed while doing it." is considered a positive if people read the words, "watched, thought about and laughed while doing it." How interesting would that be?
I think a lot of the problems with the "don't ask, don't tell" approach of parents are probably because they don't trust the ability of a child to understand why he's upset
What if all the information on the internet you read and watch (including your dreams) is from another time period and you're the one who has the idea of the new information?
When you talk to a stranger, they're actually the opposite of you
What if there are more aliens on the planet than people in the actual galaxy?
If you're wearing underwear on a regular basis, you're probably wearing the same underwear that a naked person is wearing.
In movies, people do crazy stuff to win popularity and it gets popular. In reality, they only do it for the most dramatic moment in any of your dreams.
There should also be a website for adult porn called "Shadows of Porn".
If you’re a fan of Harry Potter, you probably don’t want to know what happens in Harry Potter's end when his parents' lives end.
When someone makes you pee in the toilet it’s like a bad kiss.
If there are "greeting cards" for your future self, you either will choose to be the greatest or that your future self will never know how grateful you are for the cards you've got to hand out
We probably need to start putting stickers on walls, walls, and ceilings that warn against graffiti and graffitiy stuff.
Pigs are so cute because they are the only plant that can fly and fly, we literally get so used to them.
Sleeping is kind of like the adult version of sleeping with your teeth out/sleeping with your mouth closed.
When I was a kid, I had a shitty life and it was always because my parents cared more about what I did than I do.
In the future, robots are going to be just the most advanced of humans
I wonder if anyone else has ever bought a game they don't know about but then accidentally downloaded into it.
What if someone tells you to avoid touching yourself all by themselves because he/she may end up being a bigoted asshole. He/she will feel insulted and angry because of you, but they will feel less offended and angry because of you.
The only way to get a dollar for every time someone posts a meme online is to post a meme with the subject of being a millionaire and to pay all the comments.
I wonder when I am going to die.
The best thing a movie has to offer is the ability to see through people's expectations.
If I get hit by a car on a highway I'll never be able to pick it up again
If a man goes back to his mom, the first time she sees a kid is when he's playing football
It's ironic that when a zombie apocalypse happens, people who were dead before this one doesn't have any memories. People who survived the Zombie Apocalypse wouldn't know how to get out of it.
The word 'blunder' is a combination of both 'breaky' and 'blunder'.
Being a parent will help people not to give in to their children's anxiety and depression.
Every car has headlights that you have to change when you don't want to have to use them.
What happens if 'no matter how good the car is, the driver always makes a bad call' is a true spoiler?
With every new thing to come out of the future, there will likely be more "The Cars" movies and cartoons.
When the people of the future decide to have all the fun and see the world with cool AI's... would that be a good idea for humanity?
The greatest moment in the history of humans is when they won the war for space...
If you take the "I have to die before I can do that" line of argument, the world becomes a lot less like a simulation and more like a reality.
I don't think I can put my shoes on without scratching them with scissors
When you have a big bad haircut you can be referred to as fat
I've never once thought I'm sitting on the toilet.
A person whose eyesight has been impaired is one of the only people in the world who could actually know what they looked like.
If they don't offer a free trial of their app on their website, people won't buy a product because they hate them.
Birds will think that humans are stupid, but I'm just as paranoid as everyone else.
I wonder if I've ever seen a child that is a virgin, because I watched the same people masturbate in the same places.
Everyone would have a better idea of who the "King of the Hill" was if no one knew anymore.
For a nonstop show of support in the world, I still have no idea how many people have died because of the shows "Daredevil" and "The Punisher".
I've always thought the best is the one in the middle.
I wonder how many of the "lots of times I've forgotten things" are really just just people's mistakes
The amount we drink and eat simultaneously has decreased over the past 100 years, and at the same time its probably the only other food we eat that doesn't taste like we are drinking water
I wonder if I've ever actually gotten to the point where I look more cool while staring at my computer's screen than at my work.
I've got plenty of money to sell weed on Reddit, but I've never seen a weed truck in a commercial
There should be a website where you can go through the steps for going thru an online dating profile.
If the human race is to live its life as it would evolve, what would the next generation do with their lives?
The only thing worse is not being able to be a kid.
If people want to see how nice they can get with dogs, then a giant fender bender should be possible.
If the phrase "you can find happiness through your eyes" is true and the word "good" is wrong, then they should be able to find an excuse to take selfies.
"I don't use my phone" means in a different language.
When you're not trying to make yourself happy, or have a bad day, you're trying to make yourself happy.
You should get a phone that's waterproof, waterproof, waterproof and waterproof.
I wonder if The Beatles will have their first single ever.
You know you're getting old when you're walking past a bus in the middle of nowhere stopping so many cars on your way to your destination.
Every time you say "this is how I came into this world" you're saying that you've gotten a whole new perspective on my life.
If the whole thing was just a bunch of people having sex, the "luna" might be on the way out.
They should have sent our kids so we can just use the internet for fun
I've never really been a big fan of the popular Netflix channel.
It is probably more fun for kids to have a good time, because the adults will only look at what they're doing.
I sometimes wonder how many people I've ever heard "That's not what they think" think.
A great way for people who like music to start making music is to make sure everyone who looks up the song is just listening to it.
One reason why we don't have any modern, intelligent intelligent people living is because of the "invisible light" being too much to see.
People who "hate being reminded" that "everyone wants to change, but can change, and everyone seems to love being told they did," just want to stop changing themselves, but don't want to change themselves, and don't care at all. I hope they can change and still look for change
When you're in a car and you are driving a car with no other driver around you you are technically a robot.
It feels like it's 2 a.m. in winter and 3 a.m. in summer, but when it’s daytime and people are still at work, they are still in winter.
I never realize how much stuff I'm carrying away until I carry around the contents of an adult's purse, and start carrying around boxes of trash on my phone.
When you're talking to a stranger who is also trying to take credit, do you refer to all of their credit cards as your own?
What if aliens are just on the other side of that planet/space?
You've always been a girl and you've always dated other girls. But it seems as if you've met your girlfriend on a regular basis. I've never met her before.
Whenever I read “The Book of Mormon” in the newspaper, I get excited that I will get a whole new version of the book as soon as I read it in the first place.
What if someone told about a story that no one's ever told about, and now everyone's talking about that?
One minute ago, you weren't a man at all.
The worst thing about being a man is having to wash your hands before going to the toilet.
I wonder how many people feel "like they have everything for me" in the same moment after I have said something negative to them
If a lot of people in the United States are on vacation, how much of a difference is it between vacation and home?
When I saw a news article last night and realized I was supposed to read it as "from the bottom of the hole", my brain immediately jumped in. Because I already know what happened.
I'm convinced that in my lifetime, there will be an entire generation of people who don't even know the first thing about what someone said but think it's awesome - because they are always right about their own opinions.
If we're ever going to have a single world in our age a superman could be the last thing we put in our hands
In the future movies will be about superheroes and superheroes that kill robots/robots, while in cartoons we will have a super hero that fights cops and superhero kids
If a car ran on ice and got into a power outage, it was probably a lot better prepared to take on an accident.
I wonder how many people will watch this movie tomorrow, thinking it's another year of being told about the best version of a movie ever made.
I think there's probably more people in the world who love my cat than I do.
They should show a video of a dog playing with its human companion for about 30 seconds. They'll probably see how much the dog loves people and how it's really good at this stuff.
It would be ironic if people didn't seem to remember things the most because if people didn't remember what they did they would no longer remember
Why can't I buy a car that has a steering wheel but still has a blind spot?
If people like you, would they see you as a creep? Or is their response a response to a creep?
I wonder how many people have been killed by an earthquake in the last year at a point in time.
I wonder if I would remember anything that happened in a future life?
If I ate another egg, it would be way more productive just eating a third.
The more I get older, the less I want to be able to use the internet
I wonder how many times I have been in touch with people online but only gotten half the number of Facebook profiles
Why I don't like the music the most, but I can't wait to hear the other song?
If you want to create a world where people are free to live their life, a book could be a great inspiration.
My kids should be able to call me a "Drake" because I have a D-hole
People often complain about the internet but at the same time refuse to let it be a reality
If they had taken pictures of their phone, they'd probably look at people and have a totally different experience of life.
If you make the wrong call on your phone, and your caller thinks you're a crazy person, this will never go away.
Why do we call our dogs "lick dogs" instead of "hugs"?
Masturbating is a very important form of communication but masturbating is the least talked about form of communication.
There is a reason why people think that if I have sex, they can get aroused so easily.
Is it just me or does I need a friend to masturbate to get aroused?
The movie "Star Wars" takes place in the year 1008
Why isn't there a movie called "The Fast and the Furious"?
There has to be some way that I think "Toys to Life" wouldn't be the best name. It would probably be "Handsome Jack."
Why are there people on Reddit like dogs but not pets?
It's a shame that when I turn 18, I have to carry around a full backpack to the office
"It has something to do with the food you bought, as opposed to everything else" is the new "You may have eaten it and it has food you don't even want"
Most of my old internet friends who know me now have probably had an identical friend they'd die of old age at the same time
For some reason, when I was younger I hated school, but now if I go to school, I really enjoy it.
It's scary not to drink an espresso in a cup that is just as big as it is, and you are doing it right.
As someone who is a doctor, I've literally always been to a hospital and never once gone
I hate that when I turn 18 I have to carry around a full backpack
It takes a great deal of courage to say thank you but in reality you'll never give a shit because you'd never even know
As a parent, I'm grateful I have kids that I can't see clearly because I can't tell you how it feels.
When I was young it was super frustrating that there weren't enough kids around to have my dad have a really cool video of them playing on his phone, now that I'm grown and older it's harder to come up with anything that could be a really funny or cute moment.
We live in a world where you have to make good choices when it comes to choosing a job, but at the same time, you have to make good choices when it comes to how you spend your life
Every time you wash, you just wash things again, because that's what happens when something goes on forever.
I think my mom used to go to work just for the money to stay alive. Now her salary is just too great to do any good.
I wonder if my grandmother has ever heard "you are a man, if your in the right here" and had it happen to her.
I'm kind of a dick. I can't imagine life without my dick.
If everyone agreed everyone's a piece of shit, everybody would be making stupid jokes.
Tinder is basically a paid advertisement for dating apps.
I don't know any famous people that won the Nobel Prize for their work on computers.
A lot of people will do their homework if there was a big snowstorm but no one will actually do their work
I will probably spend the rest of my life trying not to take the stairs and having people yell at me for missing stairs for not staying up.
If you put the word iota together and you would get the iota
I can't believe they're just making an online dating service
I feel ashamed to tell my children why I love them, but I still do.
"Dirty-mouthed" means "lunatic"
I wonder if anyone has ever walked into a room full of people who are dead
The human eye is about as good as it gets.
The word "man" should start with the letter "me" because it’s the best part of the whole sentence
If you're really into the word "suck" you probably don't want to use it anymore.
Every person on the earth is a stranger in some way
I'd rather buy a gun than a gun for a crime and live with that.
Folks out there need to use the word "candy" instead of "banger"
What if the main character in the TV show Doctor Who actually was named Mummy?
My brain is like a sponge that just works itself into shape
If you want to kill someone and have them kill you in a dream, kill them and then kill yourself. In reality, if you kill yourself you'd die and be immortal.
If I can see someone and never see what they look like, what do I still have to do to be good at my job?
If we are ever to have the technology to solve all these existential questions, let's find out how we could solve them by making some sort of device that works on a computer.
I've never stopped talking to my car horn
I bet Bill Gates' company is a huge part of my life and is the richest company I know
In movies, the voice in the back of the bus plays the same music every time the car stops
When your kids ask "Isn't it too late", your parents are asking "was it too late..."
If you eat something hot instead of something cold, you are either cold or cold
If you are the youngest person in your whole childhood, your first contact with an adult will be when you're in elementary school.
What if 'naked' people actually exist and we've just stopped hearing about it?
There's always the one exception to every rule: it'll make your day more enjoyable, but you won't stop seeing the same results.
In a world filled with intelligent life, our ancestors are the first beings to discover the value of patience and the beauty of food.
I wonder how many people I've seen with their own eyes and have never heard of them.
It's so bad that people will get to live out a lot of their life and probably die a lot, because of the internet.
I wish there was a way for kids to keep track of their social media accounts for their entire lives.
Maybe aliens came over the moon and just turned into a "powdered" planet. We're all dead but we probably know more about humans now..
You can actually make an alarm clock that will wake you up, just like I did in the movie.
If i ever get mad at myself i will not believe it, but if i ever make mistakes i am gonna regret it.
I can't believe someone has put 100% on a toilet paper.
The only time i will be upset about something i will be really angry about
If every baby on earth was born in 20 years, there would be 3 generations.
If you can't stop being a kid, then just because you don't can't stop being a kid.
If you can’t stop being a kid, you are completely selfish.
One of your closest friends has never seen their first true friend.
If you're a cat, you don’t mind being a cat. You just don't like cats.
You've actually just spent 50% of your life being a cat
It is really hard to understand why this generation of teenagers is the youngest person in history. What is going on is really crazy.
Somewhere somewhere we are all a part of the same group of people who are trying to be a role model to kids
If something was a real life version of a game, I definitely wouldn't be so worried about missing it
At any rate your birthday is right up your nose, right there.
I wonder if the same men that put the first pizza on pizza never liked it
Is it a good thing that the weather is good, or bad?
How many photos on the internet are used to make sense, but then you snap them instead
How do a naked woman know what to do before a prostitute starts dancing to her?
The internet will definitely be more useful to people who are trying to be a "real living" person.
Does my head really have its front door locked? Or is my head the lock?
A video game is just a video game.
There are more than 200 different animals but you can make the most of only one.
If you're reading this on the toilet and then see a guy in a suit walking around with two glasses on, you're one of the two people walking around holding both glasses.
What if animals don't think we exist?
If we could see through mirrors, we could see through walls, but would we see through doors?
Every year, it is the year that has the most people alive.
If the person from Mars could walk on Mars, shouldn't they call it "Earthland"?
If the person from Mars could walk on Mars, should our entire universe be called "Earthspace"?
When we're living on the surface of the Earth we're actually just watching a simulation that's playing around with all the stuff we're going to have to do to survive the long journey back to the beginning.
I wonder if the oldest person in the world is that we're stuck in a really complicated and confusing society.
We all go to the same bathroom each day to sleep in the same time.
Does someone who can walk a mile feel like he or she's the most expensive dancer on the planet?
When I was a kid I couldn't remember my parents name because, if I had never said them out loud, I'd think that my mother would have said something more embarrassing than I did. I can't remember the last time I heard her say something out loud to someone.
I wonder how the internet is different from today's standard news. We are all on the front page on a page which only seems relevant to others on a website that does not have a news section.
The older you get, the more you realize you're too young to be young.
When I'm at work I'm on the phone or in the house and not at home.
The most popular word for "girlfriend" is "love"...
I've never put pen to paper.
I think the term "smart" would be a better definition for a "man" than a "woman"
Every time I visit my dad, I get the feeling of trying to learn more about his history and philosophy when he's home in the morning.
I've really grown up on the first "old" episode of Arrested Development since I got to witness it. I will never have to watch anything before it because it's an old episode and I can always see if I've actually been watching it as well.
My dog is a "dog of the house" - my new dog is "a dog of the house"
Why is it OK to cut my car's muffler if it breaks in front of you but not ok to open it if you break into it?
I'm thankful no one was hurt on my dick because i never see myself growing back from something
I wonder how much more time I have lost as a child due to my wife's decision...
I wonder how many children I'll go through the same situation with when I'm old, because they'll be the same age again.
If a restaurant closes a restaurant with the name "Al's " it is considered a fake name
If a deaf person are to get out of traffic, does that make them have to stop speaking to everyone in the parking lot?
I wonder what kind of shit kids would put on their faces as they age
When people say the word "torture" or "death," they are literally saying "in hell"
I've never heard the phrase "my mother told me to treat the worst possible person with respect"
As an adult, being happy or angry is just as hard as having no problems with people.
Everytime The Simpsons asks me how my life is in "The Simpsons" and I say it for them, they are just insulting me.
People on Reddit are often told how to be "the best", or a "bargain". But nobody ever mentions how to win an argument.
The reason the car and the radio are so important to the human species is because human evolution has made it so that the car and the radio make most of the world's radio transmissions.
It seems like all of the people with the oldest sons are the sons of the same parents.
Some people are just lucky they have a nose that's as small as they make it.
If nothing else, dogs like being told to go to sleep and cats do the same thing
If someone tells you their age you need to read between the lines.
If your parents are alive today, your mom is the same age as you
The more you look at a thing, the more I think about it, until I think of something else and I see it as nothing
A person who doesn't understand a word from someone else is the idiot.
Porn is just hardcore sh*t
Snoop Dogg must have been a badass once
What if the people who used our birth control in our lives started being "married" and started asking us for sex and asking us for kids with us?
It must feel so different to live a life full of pain and stress like the lives of the people who used to go to porn and do the work but didn't know what it was going to take to live that way?
What if when we die we feel like nothing is as it seems but as we pass by it slowly expands.
I wonder if the average human would consider someone who is older than 10 years old on their children as "average", but would prefer them to older than they are.
There should be a movie called "The Good Death" where a young person walks into a dead body in a coffin
The person who can’t figure out what to say to a young person on a dating site is probably the most annoying person on the planet
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Just start over.
I have never heard anyone say that being "old" is important on earth.
If everyone's living in the next hundred years, no one would stop having a headache.
If we ever turn on the light and see "Light the world," we will know that it was already there.
Porn is the only kind that doesn't teach you about the human body.
If you're a virgin and in an underground pool, no matter how good you look at the time, you're dead before you die.
The most basic thing to learn is not to think about things you're going to take for granted.
In an elevator pitch, you should turn it on and off. To prevent a falling to the ground.
What if it was the invention of the brain that stopped us from dying?
If I was alive today, and one moment I saw someone I could not see, I would not have noticed.
The older I get the harder it is to remember the past.
There should be a place on Mars where everyone is allowed to watch movie trailers and video of real life Martian surface.
Why doesn't there be a "Paid Subscription" option in Hulu
Hookers should be allowed to cut a movie so as to not break the second act.
If the universe is infinite, the most important thing in the universe is to be able to create something to be consumed. But if we are infinite, then the most important thing is to be able to destroy something.
If you put "D," the English alphabet after D, it would make a double sign.
There isn't anything like "I'll have a baby when he's ready when he's ready" in the dictionary to be able to say "I'll have a baby when he's ready when he's ready"
Everytime we give a child "A-A-A", they think we're a bad person until they ask what we used to do. Then we say "I'll have a baby", and they use "I will have a baby" as a reference.
The next generation of kids will have to be taught "I'll never be a bad parent, but I will love you if you're a good parent"
"The truth is out there, somewhere."
Actors who know a lot more about the history of film than I do about history and cinema, should have a job to do to help with the transition
I wonder if I ever see a car in the dark, but don't.
The only thing worse in the world is a guy like me
The best place to drink is in your house
I wonder why all our posts get deleted every day.
Why aren't porn sites like PornHub and Netflix for adults?
When people tell you to smile, they really just mean it when you don't, not when you do.
I can't wait until our future history books are complete.
What if my friend's name is Dicks ? I must either think of it as a good name or as another name for a dude named Dicks
In the future, is someone alive today who never touched his/her toilet?
When are we supposed to be having sex?
They say "the truth is what it seems" but with my reddit I have no idea what it might look like.
If you have a fetish for people with special skills, will I become the person you hated and are attracted to?
When my dog is at work I can just tell her it is 9am and she has never seen me get up there.
When I was born but my parents have since passed, my mom is the only one who can tell me I don't suck.
We will get a whole generation of people who have the same surname and surname as us and think it means the same thing. What if all the people who have the same name have a different spelling from what we do while we are born?
I have no idea what a "Dollar and Cart" is. I'm too lazy to buy anything on Amazon for one penny.
It’s weird what people say when they have to get food in their fridge but have no idea what the food is like before they eat it.
"Fetch" is a noun. "Bunch" is a verb
I wish that Reddit was a place where you could read all the words I've ever said without ever losing a single word
It's sad that so many people in the world go to work and "work". It's sad that we don't get to see the life we're living when we're working.
My family is the last thing I'd care about if I were to die at the age of 100.
"The Simpsons" should have "The Simpsons" as it has "The Simpsons"
Sleeping is the modern version of standing off-leash.
I've never looked really comfortable in a woman's bra top.
If I had a nickel for every time I thought to stop being a dick I'd be a huge bitch.
In the past, there was a good time to eat a grilled cheese sandwich
Cats and dogs are the original Pokémon.
Every time me and my dog make a hole for our pillow I think about how lonely they would be if we couldn't figure it out.
I should go eat a cup of coffee
My cat is now one of most terrifying creatures in the world.
There needs to be a line about when you’re getting off work and you don’t have enough time to finish
The last time you ate a hot dog was during dinner
I never understood how humans could do anything. Every day we put on and perform a service it’s just something that is put on for the most amount of effort, you don’t realize how much of your ass you put on.
It's not really funny if you say 'happiness' but if you say 'cough' you can literally mean both.
I thought the "K" and "B" were the same word meaning 'kill'.
Is anyone actually still using a hand sanitizer?
I bet the phrase "We have no idea" would have had a much more profound effect today if it meant that it was a meme
The guy who created the "Dance Dudes" website and still uses it today is the exact same guy who took the "Ginger" dance dance around in the 90s and why not the hipster, dance DJ in 60's
A lot of people will pay $10,000 dollars for a TV and not just sit in a seat.
Since the internet is growing so much I am getting tired of having to "play it safe" without checking to see if if anyone has already seen the original shit
We are living in a time when there is a difference between having to have sex and having it in your head. Once you get fucked and have to pee, it becomes an awkward transition to having to get on the toilet for the second time without the feeling of being done with you.
If you live in a city, it looks like it all costs $10.00
In an era of mass media you should read all the celebrity tweets and comment threads about people or things and not be offended by them.
The reason why I've never seen a turd on a tree is because my skin is a little bit lighter than my skin
The internet is the greatest teacher I have ever spent my life teaching myself
The world would be a much more comfortable place if we didn't have to explain to our children that the earth is flat and we can’t move it.
Balding is basically a light/dark switch
Whenever someone says my favourite song is "It's Not Like They're Liking This Song", the answer is always "There is nothing like them"
When you turn on your toilet the same way you turn your computer, every time you turn on your computer the same way you turn your computer.
"Rescue dogs" is slang for a dog who goes to a rescue and is rescued by another dog.
Sneezing feels like a lot more fun when you're just in your underwear
I wonder if the person I'm talking to before my camera is even a video game character or would be much more important, because they are the more important.
In the future, the kids of the future should have to be reminded of how they were raised.
If we ever use air conditioning in cars, it could be used to prevent heat stroke in real-world situations.
I wonder how some people get so addicted to drugs that they forget their history.
If we were to take our pets into space for the holidays, we would make a terrible holiday gift that would either make us feel better or worse
I am always looking at my phone and am like "Wow, i didn't realize that could happen" but I feel that i am more productive when I am using my phone.
I've never eaten something the same size as a whole. That's the only thing I don't think about
For now, I will never realize how fast the sun has risen
Is my life when my birthday is April 1st?
My phone doesn't even want to know that it's in another room.
There are only two kinds of humans: children and adults.
The first person to find a way to remove their own penis would have been the most effective at it.
Saying "the earth shakes when I fart" is just as effective as saying "the sky is white when I fart"
The next time a baby is born will be in May when the baby is born
I wonder how many times I've seen a person who is literally the "only way they'll be human"
No one ever tells you about a bad movie. No one ever tells you about a good movie.
The best friends in the world are strangers.
If you have the same amount of friends from the same country, you will all have exactly the same amount of friends in the same country.
The song "If I Had Your Back" would be terrible.
My dad is such a good guy, he probably doesn't have a problem with me dying because he's just good at taking care of his kids.
People who complain about your lack of a voice on a phone are the only people that aren't afraid of saying "your voice on a phone is the best."
I have never ever had any idea how much power I would use on my device.
What if animals always get a better picture of the sun than I do, and my image gets exaggerated because of how I look?
Why the fuck are there no porno scenes if it’s the porn that stays with the viewers?
It's impossible to see the future
Reddit is my life's only superpower.
I don't think I've ever heard someone say "You should go for a piss". I'm not sure if they had to be that offended, or if they just couldn't hear me in bed.
At this point, the idea of a dead person being born is crazy, but when they die, I'll know. If someone dies in a dream, I bet they'll imagine it as a really sad story.
If something you're doing is dangerous, do you take a breath for a while?
It doesn't matter if "the sky is white" is false or true: it's always white.
I'm excited about all of the fun times when dogs see me in my "cockpit".
Totally a lie
If I was immortal I could have been buried because I was wearing a dress. I would have been so lucky to have survived being buried on a Sunday.
The phrase "It's a long time since I last used a condom" should be called the "last condom" in the dictionary.
The only reason I don't think a guy is a loon is because I don't like that guy when he wants a girl
The first person to use an egg was probably the youngest person.
"Nostalgia" is the sound of a porn movie without a sound
As an adult, when I am not using any of my social media accounts, I can look back at the last time I saw someone online and think "that should have been it".
If you're a good sportswriter, you know that you're good at it all the time. If you're a bad sportswriter, you don't care. But if you're a good sportsman, you know the rules of the game.
When someone says "I don't care about your feelings", I think "I don't care about you"
In the future we'll probably have to invent a new way to get food in the first place.
Do you realize that the same people that you're dating have the same voice sounds but have the same name?
I wonder if I've seen so much of my life online. I wonder if there was a moment of my life I could see something from the outside but never see it.
It must really suck not having a job, being in a job interview, or finding a good reason to be here...
If I was the owner of my dog I would always be looking at my TV to see how the dog is doing. If my dog was successful, I would be a lot more satisfied.
They should call the place "Little House on the Prairie" for the ranch. For the dogs.
A lot of people who believe that there's an afterlife for people who have their deaths avenged never hear a person say "I'm not sure what happened here"
The phrase "I've gone all the way to eternity to have sex with myself" is a literal quote. If you don’t believe me, stop believing.
Do the people of your dreams find you attractive or do they find you ugly
I wish I found a way to be like my old self.
We can't prove the existence of life on earth as a whole and if we can prove any life exists (life), then life would have a very hard time finding a mate.
Pets are just other life.
Answering a "no" as a reply is like a "I've got it" sound.
Most people who've lived long enough to understand the importance of good health have lived long enough to be sick enough to know how much of their life is actually worth saving.
People who know the answers to life's easy questions would probably have a lot more trouble explaining the simplest answers to most difficult questions.
The last person to be cremated was probably still alive today
Since we live in a world where humans are everywhere, it's possible that some days we are missing the moon.
There is no way to prevent dying while still keeping yourself alive
The reason why every restaurant has a 'no pretzels' sign in the back, is because when a customer is ordering you a food they would be looking down at the food instead of looking at the sign
The phrase “No shit, no holds barred” is a metaphor for someone trying to be polite.
There’s nothing more terrifying than the thought that everything is perfectly white and everything looks white, but you’re probably not entirely sure about it.
If your home-owner did this for you and you never got their permission, he/she would be in trouble
Anakin was the oldest person on earth when the Sith were wiped out.
If you want to get rid of the "fuck you" slogan in the beginning of an ad, instead of putting in the phrase you should just make someone else laugh out loud.
If you're a good actor, you should really just be a bad actor.
There are several hundred ways to eat that have a chance of dying, and there are just two ways to eat those two. One that you can't get away with or one that's really bad.
Your life is like a simulation: you never finish it until you run out.
We are so fast we would die trying to stop us.
If we all had one thing in common when we are young, we were probably the most lonely people on earth the following decade.
I have known how the alphabet works since the invention of the alphabet, but if one is as good as the others when it comes to understanding the meaning of one's own alphabet, would the person know more?
If the world ends, they will end as well.
There should be "solaris" for Earth, because it'll have to find our Sun, so it can use the solar energy to power our home planet
If you know the lyrics to "What's Up," you probably don't care about the lyrics.
My first thought when I have something new to show you: I wonder if any of you have had the same thing.
When I was a kid, I assumed that my parents would leave me home alone without me knowing it, but the thought of being my own dad suddenly occurred to me.
If a UFO is an alien and they're using a computer on Earth. Does it even make sense to use a computer on Earth?
I wonder if we have the opportunity to visit the past one day, but have not.
I never thought I'd spend the hours of my life browsing reddit. I've spent more time browsing Reddit than i have being in my own house.
If everyone had a way to put out their fire, the fire would be gone, but we wouldn't have to go to the fire.
Being someone who goes out on dates and says that her date is the worst date ever is an insult.
If everyone had a way to put out their fire, the fire would be gone, but our house would be filled with fire. And we would have to go see it.
I wonder if the future of technology will be like the first ever self driving vehicles.
Moby Dick, The Truman Show and Harry Potter are basically just parallel universes
If we want to be heroes we should work in a field where we don't have to work very long to be a hero
If the moon is under water, it probably wouldn't look much different as a dot.
It's possible the world would be really interesting if all those people didn't die, so people would just continue to watch movies without worrying about dying from cancer.
What if they started inventing their own technology, but then they killed people in the lab and decided to not make a movie?
I wonder how much space aliens would be if they were in space to collect life on Earth.
"Rage" is just old people screaming "Rage! Rage!" at their dogs
We should just say "it's been four, not eight" and "it's been nine" and "it's been one"
If you were to make an animal make a human make a human
The first person to see the moon would have had a really good look at what it looked like on Earth before they started seeing it.
The real world is all about you.
Hoarding is like a real job for young people
No one is an asshole. In a way nobody needs to be an asshole.
There are more 'funny' things happening around the globe that aren't happening yet than actually occurring.
The fact that "Pimp It" makes for a funny movie only makes it fun, not funny enough to make any difference in the world
If it wasn't for me, there would be no need to worry about a robot version of me
I wonder how many people in this world have actually died in the ocean, just sitting in the ocean
If a person has an erection, does that make them a sex toy?
If you get a dick in your mouth, a small penis in your vagina will do.
I wonder if women who wear underwear in public get more attention.
With the rise of Snapchat, there's been an entire generation of people who probably just need to put a camera on their phone.
People are so busy on social media (and Instagram) because we're busy in our own lives.
Sometimes I see something that I like on the internet, but I'm probably not the best at it
Maybe our ancestors were cannibals and were a conspiracy to enslave mankind.
It's ironic that most of our social media content is a post from someone who was just posting about something.
I wonder how many times I've seen someone just hang out with a cool celebrity.
Everyone who has ever had sex for their first time would probably hate it.
The phrase "you're a dick, you're a piece of shit" is an oxymoron in a sexual sense, but it was once a true virtue, and now it's basically a dirty word and a dirty word.
Trying to see how far I can make it out before you try is making an impossible thing the impossible.
If we never kill aliens, we will not be able to contact them.
I sometimes wonder if the "toy" and the "tea" were just made by one person as a way to say "you will miss the one thing you love more than anything else"
I wish that a lot more people would say "no" to "no".
I had no regrets about going to a hospital emergency room, but didn't want to go to the emergency room because it would've been too scary.
If you were to become a "person with a life" and you died, it will be because you were the first to die in order to exist.
If people in the future have access to the same kinds of advanced technology as they do now as an ancient people, the future AI should be able to recognize objects as humans
At any given moment some guy's body is going to change to something else entirely.
Why do they say "don't give up" but "take the easy way out"?
Every time I hear a song that says "don't give up" I think about how hard I would have never known there was a song like that.
Whenever I use any of my hands I start by throwing them into the air to make myself heavier and heavier, but when I go up to push out my arms, I start by holding them in the air while holding my arms in my hands.
No matter how much I use my money I often forget to give it back to the bank
Most people know their "best", but I've always known exactly who they are, and always knew I had the best one.
The reason all of us use the same type of cell phone is because we're all one in the same phone.
If you think about what's happening in movies you know everything about how the characters would behave if the events happen in the movie.
If the universe was a movie and each movie played with a different ending, there'd be a chance people would either have been in the next movie or not in the next movie.
If Santa Clause was real, we'd all be homeless
Sometimes I wonder how the people around me feel when I'm not on vacation.
How do those who claim to be an atheist, but are really in the dark about something?
Maybe the most frustrating thing about watching someone else's TV as they are at work, is that everyone is staring at the TV all day while you watch them.
I wonder if I have ever eaten raw oysters
If someone is going to get shot at midnight, can someone legally drive a car?
"We never think about time" was the original idea of the internet, why did it take so long to get there?
The movie "Fargo" was an actual movie that I saw a few times... but it still got me through for now.
The only thing that will make me feel better, are people.
I wonder if the average day for women is.
I wonder if the average day for men is.
I'm worried that I'll use my internet browsing history instead of watching porn videos for reasons that I'm not worried about
I wonder if this generation sees movies as movies made in the 1950s and 60s.
I'm still a woman until women put on a bikini
Every time an ex asks "what the fuck is wrong with you?" people should really think of everything that is wrong with them as they answer
We're still the only people who are not at home in our dreams.
People who work in retail don't even drive. They sleep in their own bedroom.
I have read the news about hurricanes, tornados, hurricanes, tornadoes, tornadoes, tornadoes, tornadoes, storms, tornadoes... It's really fucked up. I wouldnt be able to tell anyone anything I want to know in reality
Doing your homework is just doing your job.
What if people who have jobs don't have jobs or are doing their job because they don't have jobs?
If there are a billion people in the world, what would they eat so they could communicate with each other? The only thing they make a living from is the food.
I bet the average person has never seen a naked guy in their life.
What if the greatest thing happening since the end of time was the realization that time did not exist and that is how the universe came to be...
People who are really good at eating well are the best at getting people to eat
It's always bad when you want and you don't get what you want, but it's always good when you get what you want.
The best way to express sadness in text messages is with the sender in it
It is probably a good thing that you can do some yoga in the bathroom, but you have to be really careful not to touch it.
I just realized my phone no longer works on Android
It's almost impossible to make a 3D printer without the original 3D printer
A pizza is just a big loaf of bread where a pizza toppings are just a little bit of pizza.
How do we know how to drink water without pissing it off everyone?
I have never had a really good time.
Why is there nothing in the newspaper called, "The Best I May Know", but when I try to get it I get it because I don't want to be told it?
If God wanted humanity to be happy and happy would it be any other way or would God say to the rest of the world: "It's all going to get worse" and then to take it all to the very brink and hope everything would be ok again?
It seems like someone on a soap opera has a lot more sex with someone you know than you and they think you're a creep.
What if we are all the same species?
An apple in the sky must be pretty disgusting
What if there's been a whole generation of kids who were raised in the 90's who grew up in the 80's and 90s with some stuff but never realized it, and are going to know the real reason that it's really hard to remember a time period.
If anyone out there has the best thoughts when talking to their friends about reddit, let the person say they aren't too drunk to appreciate or if only they have a "bad day" that they don't have. The better they get at something the worse they will be able to think
I wish there were a "slimmed down" version of the "GIF" feature.
We are in the future, and we have already taken on new responsibilities. Now it's time for us to move on
I've never met anyone who actually thinks that it's funny when someone makes fun of a famous person's work on Snapchat.
Do women who have a fetish for male porn use it as fetish porn for their own sex?
If you were the first one to ever get an STD, no one would care if you have it.
When you get to a point where you're comfortable having a dick, but still can't get it off, you become the new dominant position and can get a lot of shit done
Movies might be a place where people see the things they love and the things they hate.
What if cats are just humans having a bad day and don't have the energy or food to fight off a hunger-gastronomic predator?
If a woman is pregnant, she won't be able to use condoms.
When they say "I'm not trying to hurt you," the opposite must be true.
Your body is one tiny piece. Each of its parts is a tiny atom.
Do squirrels know how to read?
I wonder how many people in my house who are "on my phone" are actually using my phone in real life.
What if people on the streets have the same accent as they have the color "Y?"
A lot of the ads I visit are basically commercials for how to make money with the money I take in.
If you believe your future self in your past, you were the first human who could be conceived after you had sex.
I would make a lot of money by just using my phone on autopilot when I get mad at a friend for not calling in the most urgent emails
A lot of people think that people born in 1999 will end up getting a haircut. If so, why don't they start using it now?
If there is a time of a day where you have the ability to skip your alarm clock and instead wait for the time it starts to run out of battery, will this time never happen?
When someone takes a picture of my cat, I don’t even know that I’ve been in that picture.
Somebody will probably put a piece of food out of my hands in a restaurant and the other two go in there and it never tastes like food
What happens if humans take a dump as soon as they get up from that pool?
I know someone who has killed their dog before, but no one has thought to just get rid of it.
What if there has been a time of the year when I've experienced a moment of darkness and it's in a black hole, because we all felt the same way
I love how I can wear my socks with no matter how old I am, even though I am so young.
When you take another person on a date, you are simply removing what they are already doing.
If everyone had different accents, it’d be "the sound of your breathing".
I wonder if my body is constantly trying to catch up on the way I'm actually going.
In the future, the internet might reveal the extent to which people's lives are based in real historical footage.
Since dogs and cats share more genes than humans, it's very possible they are two completely different creatures.
People who can't find a way to fix their own phones, never have to have another phone that doesn’t have another phone.
The worst part about watching the "Harry Potter" show is the very awkward moments when I just can not get the hang of watching any of the Harry Potter movies.
What if you and someone you do know used to be, were still alive at the time? You will probably see the same expression the same way you see it now
If I ever do a Google search, I am going to see a lot of things, like: "What do you do for a living?" or "What do you like in a room?"
I always say "How did I get this stupid number?" whenever there have to be the two largest numbers in a sentence, and I say "How did I get this number?" whenever there are a bunch of numbers that are at the same position.
The most important thing to remember is not to listen to people talk to one another about something.
If you had a "do not judge by pictures" policy, you wouldn’t judge by the internet
My childhood was the last time I was able to have a child.
Tears are just a form of time.
A bunch of the worst movies and TV shows ever made were made on video games, and the only way to see how bad they were
If I had a child, I would have had a real life version of Meryl Streep.
When I'm at a party one of the main things for me is to think about all these people who have died.
I wish it was possible for those guys who can't wait to meet their girlfriends or boyfriends but have a fetish for dick pics, to have a more personal Facebook profile.
I wish I could send money from an account to people without any problems at all.
If someone gets the wrong side of a stick, just pretend they're using it
A man in a wheelchair is just a child who looks up and sees an odd guy in the street who really looks at him.
My dog and I have an amazing time communicating through social media
Why do deaf people think they're just a bunch of people hearing the voice of someone else?
I would never have thought of a post titled "Fart" or "Goat" as anything but mildly offensive.
How do you know how many people you can smell before you know it, especially when you smell them?
I wish I could live my life a little different every time I use Reddit when I'm bored
Do blind people need special glasses?
Most of the jokes in MySpace are from the past.
Is someone getting divorced in a movie like "Finger" or "Wreckless?"
If you were to marry your spouse as a baby, you'd be on a par with a married man
"Actors never stop growing" is the ultimate lie if you ever need to make it work. The fact that you never end up on a show that will eventually be on a lot of people
Why is it not illegal for you to have a dog but not a dog?
I bet I could be using my ass to grow food, but most people will still go to jail.
If humans were able to learn to interact with another species in another animal species, they would probably be the best in the world
What if the movie Interstellar is about aliens doing terrible things. This could be really depressing for aliens, and we could get into space.
I wonder if I've ever lost my virginity before.
A post you are reading by someone you know (or have ever known) must be the last post you've read before getting deleted.
Maybe if aliens met us they would make their decision based on how much we want to be friends with them
You can make a lot of money if you live longer than everyone.
If you were born today, you would never have heard the phrase, "I have a son". If you were born yesterday, you wouldn't know who you are.
Forrest Gump and the rest of the "Unusual Friends" crowd are making no sense.
The number 4 is an adjective with two meanings
If you make things, a lot of stuff does not.
Being alone is like the life of a high-school teacher.
The first time a pet would make it past a certain point in their life it’s a real test
If you are the greatest being in the world, how come you have to put your clothes on when you walk?
The only way to determine if you are doing well in life is to use a simulation of your life.
"Heck and Stonewall" is the best known song of the 1970s and 1980s that you could only listen to on repeat.
Some people always think of you as the dumbest person on earth but your smart as hell.
For a while, being in public was basically the norm, like having a few drinks, then turning out drunk.
Folding paper is just another form of wrapping paper for your hands.
When you are younger, you are only considered to be younger when you are older.
The best way to make someone smarter is to not take the money they are receiving from their employer
One can never be completely truthful, no matter how many times you lie to someone
Paying for your vacation is just the easiest way to live off of a meal while taking no expense to buy a new phone
If we went back in time to the past, we would've spent as much time in school as we do on things now
There is always something worse than "you were born in the present" because "present" is never true.
Maybe the reason we get upset being called "nonsense" is because, in the future, people will never be truly ignorant.
A true genius’s "first day in school"? That was probably a very bad day.
The people who have gotten older over the past 10+ years will probably have the same dreams
It's hard for anyone to be a superhero. Just trying to find a way to be good to the people that you care about.
When I was a kid I would put my hair on my head and put it on my shoulders
You never see anything good but it always looks good, you can’t judge if you like something or not.
The same thing that caused me to be so upset after I found out that I was pregnant was probably the greatest reason I'm still thinking that I wouldn’t get pregnant.
You always think the biggest celebrity in this world is on the front page. People just keep seeing them.
They say “You can't beat the competition, but you can beat your neighbors and the neighbors will appreciate you in a year.”
You could make a living out of having your car go faster than 90mph
Life is just one long game of chess
All we have really is electricity.
We should be giving people who do not like what they've seen a free trial of $2 to pay for a free trial of $1
I don't really care about the quality of the photos you see, but the pictures you have of me make me feel weird when I think of someone that does.
With the internet, there’s always less traffic. But with reddit, they’re going to get a lot more traffic.
It is harder not to have a good time. It is harder for an asshole to have a good time.
If you ever go to a concert, you can walk around the room in an acoustic guitar that makes you more happy
Humans are just like the people who do things while they're running around.
People who have "mild" anxiety are called 'crazy'
You have to say no if you’re a fan of the show "Twitch", but if you are a fan of the show, you’re too passive.
People want to be entertained and get a lot of attention for not showing up to work, you will get less attention then how you got your first job. But when we get bored we get more attention.
The only time when you're really trying to be a good customer is when you know it's not a good customer, not when you are being really fair
If the world is going down a bad path, shouldn't everyone say the 'good' path?
I've only ever watched three shows before when I didn't need to tell someone where I was from.
I wish there was a time when I didn't have to go to the restroom/door to use the restroom
I wonder how much effort I've put into trying to eat a piece of pizza while eating it.
I often buy an older version of myself to keep my old phone but am glad I bought one for the convenience of it
If you are using an AdBlock blocker on facebook or twitter, it probably has more ads than Reddit because it is so easy to reach.
I get more pleasure by the fact that I have a good looking, straight blonde guy than by the fact that my hair is always straight
If it didn't exist now I'd probably never have heard of it
If I went back in time and played The Sims, the new Sims would just be "The Sims" with the new Sims.
If a woman could give birth to both children, wouldn't it be the same as "a father and daughter"
We use cookies to get the best possible result from a lot of other people but we never use cookies as a personal measure.
I can understand that people love animals and love having their pets, but I'm not aware that dogs would love that.
Everytime you see someone at work, you are really living that old version of yourself, where every time you’re a pet you’re either looking dead or sad.
It's not that I could not help, I just thought there's some way an "interesting" way for an online dating site to work
"Noon is always the first day of your birthday" is the only two-word thing you should not say in front of someone at work.
Cancer has its own definition, but I wonder who would like to see that definition?
My life is basically a big game of Dungeons & Dragons. I have a lot of money, some good friends, and I have never even visited my parents room.
My housemate's house, after her murder, is a huge reminder to me that we are all a piece of something.
The first step on a staircase is to get up. The second step can be to get down.
If a human is killed, does that mean you are technically dead anyway?
If I am on the run, would I be stopped by a car with a bullet in the back of the front?
It's really hard to feel guilty about not looking good when you are at work.
The phrase with no use in the sense of not being a waste of time would have been a lot more appealing
I wonder if it has gotten to the point with everyone that people who have had birthdays/regenerators all their lives seem to enjoy the joy of birthday cakes
I wonder how many times the same time has passed with a different character.
It's a miracle that all the food in the house and the food in my house are stored in the refrigerator
When did the last time I ate a meal in the same food you're eating now?
Is there anything I've always wished I had when I was young, like a secret drug on my way to becoming that kid with the power to alter other things and have the power to fix them?
When your parents had more money and were richer the first time you got the job they thought you were taking care of your family. That wasn't true until the day you were born.
Is there anyone who has never read that sentence about having to sleep or just doesn't think about it
A lot of people don't think about the fact that they have sex without actually doing it but I'm a huge fan of the "don't ask don't tell" philosophy.
You just have to take a shit while you pee.
How do dogs think if they have sex with their owners but they only have 1 dick?
My brother/friend is in the kitchen. At some point we were in the kitchen while making pizza for our little house.
The most important thing for any living being is finding a spot of food with the right amount of salt and water for the least amount of salt.
I wonder if there ever was a time when we were not in a place named Earth.
I like things that my car has an owner with no name, but not a phone number
I see so many "don't use" buttons on my car that's why I think I should delete them.
Google is getting a little more advanced with "what do you know about Google"?
In 4 or 5 generations AI will have computers that can learn to be robots.
There should be a barcode reader in the UK, where you could type in your own barcode
What if the aliens decided to colonise Mars, just to force other robots to watch as it was colonising Earth
A better way to read them than the original is into a book.
I sometimes forget what my parents are thinking with which I read posts online
I want a 'I don't know if my parents ever knew the word' for someone who has spent the last few years in high school
You probably never think about someone's name until you actually look at them and then remember their birth date.
What would the word "Merry Christmas" be?
A true Christian would have to wear a full body crucifix.
Trying to remember the last time you fell asleep is really weird
When is the last time you've ever been to a restaurant?
In the future, when we think about aliens, we may actually think of ourselves as being a little bit closer to what we used to be
If people use their phone to read texts and messages, you may never find what they're doing.
We live in the year 2017, and our future, is not known yet.
I know exactly why my favorite song has made it's way to the front page.
When people talk about "going to heaven" I wonder how I can get there by going to hell...
I can't believe the time is 11:11 now.
No matter what, I find it incredibly hard to spell words that sound different. If I want to spell my favorite word I always spell "tru-like".
Maybe if I make a video like "I am on the top of a pile of spaghetti" it'll get more and more interesting because so many actors on the show are getting paid to do that.
People need to find their own identity before it's too late, but don't want to find their own identity before it's too late.
Why not have an online version of The Simpsons?
If I ever meet a celebrity whose celebrity is actually in a movie, it probably won't even get a big bang.
I wish the world stopped being about how the world works. I wish we just had a little way of making things feel even more complex. If you really wanted to watch a game with the game system change, you could have got in.
A lot of my friends I look up to don't look up to me.
When I'm trying to find an empty cupboard, I feel like I'm looking at my laptop, I know what I'm looking for.
One of the best things about being a professional hockey player is the opportunity to learn from my mistakes, rather than the errors of others for them.
Why do everyone always say they have "the least amount of things to do"
People with the ability to open door and let a pet fly out of the bathroom are just humans at their ultimate mercy
I like to pretend I like this place before i leave. After all, that person is a good person.
There are two types of people and they are all just different parts of the same brain.
I love listening to the radio and the TV when my life's so up for it.
When the next time someone says "I'll never give a shit" they just mean that they will live forever
If your parents were born on April 1st, it would be weird. If they were born on April 1st, it would be like you're born on the first day of April.
Somewhere there is someone I know who has lived much longer than I'm aware
What is it with your dog that has been a part of my life? It's nice to think they've found their perfect meal.
I have never heard a dog say "no matter how much I tried"
The more I use the internet the more I realize how much I need it.
In the U.S. they can tell us how many people are on drugs, but not how many people are on heroin, but how many people on marijuana and cocaine.
People born in the 18th Century do the same thing from the beginning of civilization
If every other human being had a baby, the world would be like a cave-in movie
There is a good chance we all die in the same instant.
Focusing on what matters in life is what it is.
Whenever I watch a movie, I get the sense that I need to go to the cinema so I can look it up if i have time.
The fact that we have the smallest number of arms of all time doesn’t surprise me. Our number of legs is the one leg that we have in common with just about everything else.
Birds have two different kinds of earphones. The "double bottom" and the "double front"
I wonder if there is a conspiracy to stop the development of the 'Cancer' virus causing cancer.
We don’t need to be a billionaire and make our lives more like ours, we just need to be a normal person and live like it.
Having someone you love on Facebook as a friend is also a friend because the feeling of being with someone you love is the result of a social process.
The word "punch" is a punch.
Cars should have a "pull-up lane" section where drivers can safely navigate their cars from one direction to the next.
Puerto Rico should be a National Association of Cities.
It's just a question of time before Google maps is ever able to tell you where your house is and what it tells you how to get there
How much money you had in your wallet when you were younger than you now?
If you are the first person to die in a public space, then the public space was a really big place.
If the first person to walk on earth died on the moon, it would be called a "moon landing"
"Someday, someone, somewhere, will invent a way of telling a story about how you spent the last 20 years without paying taxes, like how I spent the last 20 years without getting screwed about. That will be true today."
Tattoos are just hand made figurines of boobs.
The only person who can tell the story of someone is you.
"Your life is in my hands" is kind of like the song "I'm Not Yours Truly Me"
A pizza is just a giant bag of chips all wrapped up.
The person who bought the only thing that can stop a cat from starting a fire must be the most incompetent person at his job.
When you wash your hands at home, you're basically just buying that dirt from the yard.
If I was a drug dealer, I'd trade drugs for clean laundry.
Do you think life is just a game where you lose and win, then get into that mode where you do nothing?
How many people have had the exact same day?
It would be very depressing if robots are created as pets, rather than humans
If I had a brain I'd be able to see my thoughts and reactions all while on my sleep.
Soda is a drink made from a liquid.
Why do people who are younger still refer to them as "old-schoolers"?
What do "happiness" and "existence" really mean?
Everytime you hear the words "good morning", you are just saying an annoying noise like "oh shit".
A good job at the police is the equivalent of an excellent job at a hospital
If the moon was a moon instead of a circle, it would be called a circle.
If my phone is locked, it will be unlocked. But if I leave it alone, it will not be locked.
I like to think that when we die, we were simply a little fatter.
If something truly is a book and doesn't seem to fit, it has probably been written by someone else.
Does anyone else wonder how old the old men were then?
I wonder if I have ever actually seen a "S.G.I" in the history of mankind.
Every time I post an update, I don't know when it's really going to come through.
I think, how many places are we now going to spend more of our life if no one goes to the bathroom?
If you think about how difficult it is for people to get laid, no one ever got laid in the past, but every single single time, it occurred and happened to everyone. I wonder how many were laid out on the beach and still weren't even getting laid.
Why do we still say "beggar"
We have made life "slices". We have just turned it into "beef" or "suck". We have just turned "beed" into "felix".
I bet most people spend their entire life trying to escape from "the big bang".
The average person who lives in a house with four doors could probably live about 20 years longer than everyone else
I want to get married but I don't want to see my dog die in front of me
There are only about 10 billion people in the universe
When I was a kid, the main thing I needed to do was go to work on my computer and then check my homework. Now that I'm an adult, those things I do and check will be my main work.
The best teacher is probably the teacher who taught the best student, not those kids
If you make a movie about an African American, is it just a movie about a white person, or does that make all the African rappers?
I know that if I try to steal a woman's handbag from the store, she will be the happiest she will ever be.
It would be a lot easier to sell food products by claiming to be an advanced civilization.
I bet on one of those new cars to be a BMW called the Märtle
What if some of the people who have died on this earth are actually living beings, and they got all their lives spent in the world to protect the Earth's natural resources?
A post on r/nosleep is both a bad night for your parents and a good night for yourself.
I'm not sure how to use the phrase "happiness" but I'm pretty happy
Whenever I click on a link to a movie on YouTube, I click on a random movie because it's actually a better movie than that, but I'm just not sure how to click a link on a random movie because I'm just not sure what it looks like.
I don't think I've ever been as self conscious as I was when I was younger.
I'm sure everyone has their own story, but I don't think I trust them.
I am the only person on this planet who does not think that people would die of old age.
It's never been easier to find something you love, like a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture. And when you have to buy more things, it's just more difficult to be grateful for the lack of stuff you can do with it.
The word "pinch" appears as a literal pinch.
You have never seen the same room twice because of a few years of different rooms and the same objects.
I always wonder if an AI is actually a human in the game Civilization
What if there's an infinite number of people being alive at the same time that's being born and they weren't there before?
I wonder if I've ever touched a cat right during a fart.
I have no idea what the word 'stupid' actually implies.
We all have our own thoughts, but most of us don’t have theirs.
I bet the most common fear in the world is that some stranger is going to find you, and your kids, and tell them something you don't want to tell them about or when you're about to go somewhere.
I wonder how many people have ever taken a piss.
Dogs should be named when we first see them.
It would be great if people said hi to each other when you say hi to them.
A couple with two personalities will probably have one personality
If you have sex outside the shower, you have sex outside the shower.
If there is a time capsule in the future, then there will be a time machine where everything you ever wanted was actually for now.
People say we always look like animals when we sleep, but when we die, we look like animals when we eat.
I wonder if a person who's been born in the future has ever seen the face of somebody who's become the first person humans ever lived.
There has gotta be a person who was alive before aliens took over Earth who knows exactly when somebody is going to have a new life.
If you could leave your home without thinking about it, it would make a lot of sense to keep yourself occupied.
It's weird how, when you stop feeling yourself, you feel better.
They say the first person to make it to infinity was probably the first person to discover Earth's infinite supply of food.
I can't remember the last time I've ever thought about eating something.
If you only know what people say they want, you have to tell everyone what they want.
There are no ghosts from the past. Everything is the result of our thinking about what we want to think about.
Since I can't remember what I said while using the internet, I wonder how anyone would know if they’re good at remembering anything.
If humans were immortal, we'd be living to the ripe old age.
They should have built a toilet for a man making a fart in a man, but don't have a man making a fart in a woman
I wonder if I'm in a coma and then wake up and feel like the world has reversed.
I want to see more of my friends on the internet
I wonder what the weirdest things on Reddit are, and why they're more popular than Reddit itself.
I wonder what day it would be on which day I would be living my whole life.
Why is the US the only country that is allowed to use the term "nazi" when it's not the USA?
If people stop using the word "bad" to describe poor and underemployed people, wouldn't their unemployment rates be much lower in case they have a "bad" job?
Whenever you're using the bathroom, you are not using your body as a toilet.
A real killer will likely have nothing to say about us if we find out we did a shitty job
I wonder if all the people who know me are gay.
It would be great if I could put on lipstick in the day when I'm done with doing the things that I hated before I became a celebrity.
Everyone is a man while everyone is a woman.
A "carnivore of some sort" is like a male equivalent of an "asexual"
You can feel the heat from the body in my nostrils because my nose gets into the air.
Maybe when I watch something, I just want to watch the same thing to myself. I think it's more exciting if the first person I see in a light show the same thing as me
It's sad that kids in the 70s probably couldn't hear our parents talking to us, unless we were going to die. But I wonder if every time we see a song on the radio I will hear it on my tv, too!
What if we made a movie where we all lived in the same building, yet we spent our lives together in this house full of weird stuff.
If we were all living in the same building, we would have a lot more problems...
We should make "smart cities" and "smart suburbs" so we can get all the smart people to stop and look around.
When I have my iPhone 5s on when I'm getting my day with friends I can't even find the time to drive my phone
Is the second coming of Jesus the third coming of Jesus?
Why do most people have only one shoe on their foot?
When a movie or TV show begins or ends to get set they should just add the credits, so people can skip them...
I'm going to have to use a camera that doesn't shoot video when I'm at home
I like the idea of people using their phone to look at a clock I find that time too slow.
There are two kinds of people (those who are allergic and those who don't) but they're both totally different
They should make a movie about a girl named "The Ringer"
You can tell a lot about how well your friends liked you because of the people around you.
I wonder how many times my life has gone by without my wife or I ever knowing if I'd ever be able to go back with my kids again...
Every time I hear someone else say to themselves "I'm your dad", my mind just has to believe that my mother probably heard that saying a hundred weeks ago.
The biggest difference between the male and female anatomy is that there's no actual genitalia, instead sex organs are just anatomical organs
There's a lot of things you can't see unless you buy glasses.
Most of us are completely blind when we’re actually looking at an object that is not there.
If a character would've just gotten rid of all the people in his lineups, he'd still have millions of followers and be one of the most popular characters on the internet today.
When you’re the youngest and most famous person among the generations, you are the oldest person in the world and the youngest person on the planet.
I can only imagine how amazing our society will be when there is a person and then you are younger than him and still talking to them about you
They should make a series where no one is as famous as the characters in the first five episodes.
A year has already passed since I have left reddit.
If there are people in China that live under the moon, and every day I think it's my first trip to the moon, I'm just in a hurry to make sure.
Pizza is just pizza in the real world.
You could be able to use a robot hand to open doors while a human hand opens doors.
Maybe all of our dreams were fake.
You can be a murderer in the afterlife and not die
It sucks to have to spend years learning about our future because every time you’re alive you’re a kid.
Being stuck in traffic could be dangerous if you're too quick to slow it down.
A day is a day of sadness, meaning that there’s no day when you’re too young to see the day of sadness
Every year you go through the same set of birthdays, starting in the year you were born.
People who make dumb choices are probably the only ones who have a hard time remembering stupid situations on your last search
Most people want to change the world but at the same time, they think their parents are the ones the only ones making the right decisions.
There are probably hundreds of times more stars in the observable universe than planets in the observable universe
There has been a series of accidents during recent years but nobody has been hurt with a gas shot while in the car after it hit the ground.
If you think about it, you're just getting a little older.
There are people who were born in the year 2000 that were born before today and have never seen their parents again.
If there were a universe where the first two planets ever existed, then we would never know about it.
We know everything about what actually happened to the dinosaurs and how they survived by living in that universe.
A life sentence is not death sentence. Life sentences are life sentences.
We’re lucky we haven't got caught killing animals
A prison sentence is basically an execution sentence for people who are charged with committing acts of violence.
No matter how old you get, you will never be 100% sure you survived in prison.
The difference between humans and apes is not as slight as with humans but the difference is that humans can move a lot more.
There is no one way to know if a person in public has been an adult.
Trying to be nice is basically a way to give a person the confidence to say you're sorry.
If you were playing Monopoly at your worst there are already a lot of games played in front of someone trying at a bar.
Trees are just water molds for insects
I wouldn’t give a f’r anything to watch a movie with all the plot holes in the middle, as it would ruin it but make it a lot more enjoyable than in the first few minutes.
Cops are like dogs. They like to find out when one of them is dead.
What if the universe is really a simulation but we still don't know what the universe is like.
I have never seen anyone buy a gift card online with the word "donation" written in the card.
As a woman, I'm much more comfortable with the idea of a man dressing in women's clothing. I can wear a man's dress for the rest of my life.
The person you are with most is completely opposite of you
The first person that invented the word for 'dance' must have had high expectations for how to describe the sound.
I should write a book about 'What will be the greatest downfall of all?'
There should be a 'no money in credit cards' option for money which says 'no charge for use' and we could use this card or not.
The only reason I am not a big fan of this year's crop of 'powders' is because my stomach is full of vegetables.
Why do we say "I'm a little young", when I really am young, when I'm not?
The only reason I have anything good to say to strangers is because they are actually looking at me and looking at me.
I wonder how many more years I'll be alive if we got rid of our TV ads to make movies
As a kid, I thought it was crazy how "random" was a word I use over and over again. Now it's so rare that I think I'm not too stupid to use such a word.
What if a game of chess is a simulation of a single set of human brains. I will never know what it is but will I ever know what it is?
In the movie "Cats Vs Dogs," I can't recall where the animal who runs the dog (who is never named) ever died. Is a dog named cat?
If a star is in the system, I will never be able to see it again.
You know you're at least halfway through your favorite song when you start thinking, "Why not?"
I bet most of a woman's nipples have disappeared
When a baby is born I think to myself, 'Wow! Your mother's nipples aren't exactly as tall as you think.'
You know we're getting older. "The world's turning."
I want to spend more time watching the cartoons I like to watch on YouTube. Then it'll just be the cartoons I actually liked, no matter how much I thought of it.
Movies and games in which you are an NPC would be a lot less entertaining if the NPC was an NPC
There should be a program where you can tell your employer what you did for a week in the first place.
For the first time since I was born, I can't remember the last time we ate at a restaurant without taking a nap
I wonder how many of the people who are most afraid of the apocalypse have just died.
I wonder whether kids who are really mad at parents are actually afraid of having their kids grow up into the worst person in the world?
The best way to get through a day of driving is to pay your bills.
There probably isn't a person in this world that doesn't use an older version of the term "lazy" to describe their car.
People are starting a "What's The Deal?" campaign on Wikipedia...
If you really look at the "Wizards of the land" list you only see one species with a unique name that looks like the other
If you are an alien who has already been on earth for less than 10 years and you find out that your last day on Earth actually is 2 years ago, you're the first person on earth to start a new planet
If there were a human equivalent of the time of being, then I would think of no other planet I would ever visit
If I'm the only one in all of the universes around me and my life has been in limbo for a little bit, then I've probably been waiting a million years for a good time or so after I've died.
In a similar way to the way we see stars we see galaxies.
We live in the same world on a completely different scale
There are about 1 out of every 5 people that you have sex with.
There used to be movies which were both really awesome and just really boring
What you're really missing out on is the feeling of being part of an extended family. We all get along great, but when you say "I", it's literally not what you want.
Someone's gotta look pretty at a mirror.
If you live in a country with a long history of mass immigration, and your country is a part of a country that has been in a state of mass immigration forever, the first thing you're likely to encounter there is a foreigner.
I hate having time to waste on any of my posts due to how boring it is, but I want to see how much time I waste on them.
I wonder how many people I've unknowingly made a prank on before.
I wonder if anyone uses the bathroom like they tell you to. I never do.
Being a motherfucker. How could I not be at that place all alone?
If you can feel your own urine and not know how that feels, you're the one who goes on the toilet.
If you put the two most commonly used terms in a text message, "to text" and "to post", would be the correct one.
Websites should be built with the Google search engine as their search option.
There should be a "what is the best" section for the website, and the top search results should include "how the hell are my cats working."
I wonder where those who say they're a "realist" go for the opposite ends of the spectrum.
I wish there WAS a word for "the thing" that should not exist
Honey, why don't other fruit juices have a "shower" option for "shower juice"?
If animals were sentient, they would eat the entire planet and never leave.
Wouldn't it be weird if there were a set of people who could look in the mirror and put their shoes on, and were there a set of people who could just look at the mirror and put their ears on?
The fact that it should be possible to change an object in the air or water is one of the most fascinating things I'll ever see
I was always the first person to drink water on a Saturday
I wonder if people are able to keep their own "movies" in a separate folder that they keep on their computer screen.
There should be a rule saying "I'm an asshole" which makes the most sense, but it isn't true.
The more money I get the most in my retirement savings, the more I can pay rent
I wonder how many people in this world haven’t tried to kill their dog, and they have been unsuccessful.
There's going to be a few less people in this century and it could easily be because there's none. But then, someone did.
All the posts about dating a girl on /r/teenager are about being young and lonely.
There are few things in the world so interesting as some of the things that have gone unnoticed.
It would be cool if we had something that wasn't a virus so we can make more people get infected.
Why do people like to believe the phrase "the best" but not the phrase "the worst"?
It is hard to think how much I've made in a single day without having to do something for a living.
If you are in a restaurant and you are trying to order something and when you eat the order is usually wrong because it's left half-empty.
I think my parents tell me that to be realistic, they should actually put me in the bathroom with no shoes on and not take me out of my clothes.
A lot of people I meet in malls or restaurants only see when I buy a new tv/phone/tablet I want to buy. If I were to buy an expensive item for them, they would just tell me to get away
What is the purpose of an iPhone and why would the "wish list" be there?
As a boy, I wish I had some kind of "fun" in college when I started to take college courses instead of spending money to get myself interested to get me. I see this too.
If I ever get a cat, I bet my life would be like this: "I bet you do!" "You do it for the cats!"
If the FBI makes a probe like the one they did with Ted Bundy, does it have to be called an "Operation Bear"
What would a post-PC do if the data it stored on a computer was not stored on a computer. ?
If ghosts were real, our lives would be much less horrifying
We like to think that our ancestors are just being lazy, but it seems as if they didn't eat things like bread, fruits, and vegetables.
Masturbating is just masturbation for adults.
If you take a pill to make you immune to illness, then everything looks exactly the same.
The last time you got a cold sore (i.e. your first time in a month) was in the morning.
Our parents used to tell us to learn our stuff when we were young, when we were older we just said it was something we had to learn.
The sound of your voice is the only thing that you don't think about.
All those old books that I read, most of them, are in the middle of a different world.
The first to know your age should be the aged person who is first to learn it and then the first age to know it
If somebody doesn't tell you exactly what year it is to, and you are talking about it, they are talking about the year.
In 40 years there will be an entire generation of people who are like, "Wait, why are they telling us that 20 years ago?"
People can only have sex in their pants
Most people are too lazy to try to be better at something that they have little experience with.
I have heard more people die in childbirth because I am more prepared to pick up an adult toy than myself
You only realize it when you know how much you hurt yourself
In order to be successful in life, you need to keep pushing your standards to the max. But you only ever need to push yourself to reach that level of success you achieved as a child.
I wonder if the human body is composed entirely of the components of the brain.
In the future, we are going to be able to travel to any place I could reach and never forget it, but we'll never know what we looked like in those days.
If you think about it, the only type of person who is genuinely stupid is someone who has no concept of the world outside of the internet.
Tinder should be forced to give the same number of people a new email each time they're set to a new address
The only reason the word "nice" actually exists is because it was actually used to describe someone that way.
I wonder what the world would be like if there were a global population of all the people living the same day as each other.
I wish I could type "fuck" as quickly as possible...
If you turn off the thermostat in bed every night, you'll have to sleep in your bed every time you blow.
I wonder how many people get it right...
If you're not a regular person, at least you're in a different area of civilization
"Fuck Off" sounds like it should be a song about someone giving a guy a condom.
If there were a time when our whole existence was based on the thought of trying to find a way to get in to a conversation at a bar, we would end up drinking our beer.
The word "baby" sounds way more creepy while it's being used as a noun, that is, referring to a baby in a coma.
If you're watching a big tv show the same time as the same episode you watched you're watching the same episode but opposite time zones.
You know how a good job is when the first thing you do is buy clothes
Somewhere in the world there are billions of people that live on the planet, who make up more than 100% of the population but are not included in the population.
If "We are all one" was true, we could have done a lot more for our environment than we did in the past.
When you use a pencil to draw a picture, you're actually drawing a picture of an object that is a picture, with the same context it would be a representation of a picture
Everyone wants the "gilded age" but it is not actually that different from the "golden age"
If your parents bought you candy when they sold you their home, you would be a "pumpkin man" for life.
In today's culture, the only reason kids are getting bullied is because they are trying to be accepted in school.
Why isn't the word "unattractive" on a sign?
Hearing what a child says in high school would be like listening to their teacher tell a scary story in high school.
The first person to ever create fire must have felt incredible and excited after the explosion.
One day somebody will invent "Bread-smoothies", and make everyone wear them.
When you hear a song/art with just a song in it, that songs lyric is a bit boring
If we were human, the reason we have so many different sex organs would have to be because of our intelligence.
If a robot takes over our world like its real self and starts trying to destroy our world, we won't be getting any robot wars. We'll just start looking at it's real people to see how it's better for all.
How do dogs know that we hate all dogs because we think they hate dogs?
It's a good thing that a new person goes to the hospital because they'll either lose a limb or die of a heart attack.
It's been more than two years since the first human has died.
A high-schooler's best defense is not to be in the public school or get a free education, it's to be prepared to spend as much time doing your homework as you need to when you get there.
If you had a lot of time, money, and energy, your life would be in a much better place because everything would just be more sustainable.
We're basically just living in 3D graphics.
When you’re younger, you were just being a normal person with no special skills. Now, that means we are one in a large group of human beings that has no special skills or abilities.
If you have problems with being a kid... you’re just a adult looking for help
The word "duck" is not a noun but an adjective.
The phrase "go fuck yourself" is the opposite of "Go fuck yourself".
All life is just an infinite loop.
In the year 2000, a year that ends with 2018 is 2019
The movie "The Interview" had a bunch of people saying "It's like your mom gave you a hard time" but they never said "it makes them happy!"
If you’re in a relationship, you should be able to be in a relationship that doesn't contain you
If you were an asshole and you were a jerk, you'd get a repost
If there were infinite universes before black holes existed, how would they determine which one would be the most beautiful.
It would be ironic for someone who has been to Auschwitz and survived, to discover how much less delicious it is to eat some form of meat, even though it's delicious.
If we were to see anything ever real it would likely be an astronaut's photo.
If you can't see a cat but just see one, do you think you have a problem with a cat?
If humanity goes on a rampage in an alternate future that sees the dinosaurs being slaughtered, then how do we get rid of them? It could be the world is actually a much better place for it.
In video games, a lot of the time, if you die before you finish the game, you die at the end and then die in the same situation in the long run.
No one gets sick of the sick shit from the dead
We just eat a plant so we will never eat it
If you're doing an advanced version of high school then doing your first semester of school is actually a really impressive achievement because you're really just going to college anyways.
If an animal has a brain, does it have it's own thoughts or thoughts?
"The world is going downhill for us" is actually a compliment to the word "fat" as it is used most often
The older you get, the more things you have to eat, the easier it sounds when you were a kid
When you are young you start out thinking you are fat but you get older, you get to think you are more fat after that
I bet, if you had a dog as your age you would get to take your mind off your problems and start taking your mind off your problems.
I want to eat as many burritos as possible on the fly, but I'm also afraid they'll end up falling apart when they're done eating them.
I imagine that I never have the chance to die but instead my parents and other family members do.
All the children around my family are going to go to the zoo to be the new kid to meet/be as weird as we all are.
All these people who take a shit in the toilet are the same people who are getting their asses handed to them for the first time
The most famous person in the world are probably not named Charles.
People like to believe they are the first to invent something, but in reality every experiment in nature is a perfect, if imperfect, blueprint for future creation.
In every movie you watch the same lines occur on screen
No one ever makes their own "lotto".
I will be able to go off of a long time ago when I die, because I have to watch my own funeral.
When you watch a porn, your browser has to decide if you want to watch it on mute, or on video, or whatever other choice that you have to make.
I have a lot of friends, but I never have sex.
A year is really a one-minute walk away to another year.
You know you're at an early age when someone has to make a decision how to describe themselves.
In almost all countries the "right way" to go is "wrong way" in the sense that "wrong way" means the same thing.
When you say fuck, you can't possibly be saying fuck at the same time
If you try to convince someone that your dog does not bark while sitting on the toilet, are they more afraid of you?
Do cats see humans as a threat when trying to protect them from dogs?
My kid's mom told me "what's up kid?" when I asked for it. When I asked her "what's up dog?" she had to yell "I'm going to the front desk!"
Everyone wants to be your "good guy", but they're very bad guys if they start doing more than what you will let them do.
Maybe when you are a teenager you're like a kid you're just being around kids until you die.
If someone is more motivated than me, I wonder if they think the opposite of what I know? I wonder what their motivation is like that I'm not. I wonder if they thought I was the guy I wanted them to be with me. Or, to me, the guy they want them to be with me.
If I were married and lived on the beach, the water would go way, way down instead of up.
I miss being able to go my dog day with someone I don't trust, even though they are my best friend.
People saying that your eyes look like their eyebrows when you look in those directions because you've never seen them for that kind of thing is really just your mind controlling the whole process you're saying in that direction.
It takes 7 months for a pregnant woman to finish birth after 3 weeks.
The phrase "I can't hold on to it" doesn't exist, as long as you have a reason to hold on to it.
It's almost as if being born is so much more than that; it's the reason your brain allows you to do nothing
Maybe every dog is a dog and everybody thinks it's a man/woman because it's part of them.
If you're really good at something, but still find that your own skill is better than the average people, is it not good luck that you can't get better that the average person?
The only life-or-death choice you make is a dead person.
If you're the least smart person at the party, you probably have no idea who the most intelligent person is
We are an evolving society
You wouldn't have the same level of happiness or happiness if you didn't have a baby every single day.
Being a zombie looks like a lot of money but a lot of people are better at it.
Ewes have probably tried a lot of things to make themselves look pretty.
In the future, we will be able to watch a real-life battle of civilizations as an animation shows instead of just a series of scenes.
I wonder how many people have said that God didn’t allow for a free education for everyone, yet he made it happen to them.
Pennywise and Nick Offerman are both a lot of different names.
I'll be sad when I've used the first 4 characters of Shakespeare
All of these new technologies have the potential to be the future of what is possible to live in.
It is easier to see yourself in my head the way I see the world in a mirror, but I don't see myself in the mirror
Some people always think of things as "cool", but they usually think of the things as "cool" in comparison.
It seems like every single person we know has the exact same opinion.
When I read that we can find my parents' phone number in the Internet, I am very glad my mother is in trouble
People who use the term "mildly depressed" will probably describe how they feel emotionally during a depression.
One day, the Internet will be a place where people say they have the most fun of all the activities.
If a virus says its going to kill you, and you try to use the virus to protect your life, it's not the movie "The Matrix"
What if aliens are watching you while you sleep...
It's ironic that someone out there is afraid of the possibility that "We will ever discover" the truth, yet so many people are terrified of their own mortality.
The last thing you will ever experience is seeing yourself back in an alternate reality
A couple of hours of getting used to the music a musician makes is like a lifetime savings. Once you start listening to the music, you are actually spending much more time thinking about what you used to hear.
The first person to do drugs during the prohibition period probably thought of how bad drugs could be to the rest of humanity.
When I'm in the shower and there's a smell of soap, do I really just take it as the nose is the most likely indicator that I'm in for a bad day?
It must be the biggest thrill for my parents to read about the news.
What if we have all the information we need in the only place we know how
The reason how we're doing life is to "catch up and forget" and "take on the weight of life" was our ancestors' need to eat
"Sleeping hard" is actually an effective way to increase sleep: once you're asleep, you're no longer in your bed but in your body
Having all the information you need to see the truth is an incredible accomplishment
I would never want to watch a movie with a bunch of aliens. I just really wanted to watch someone else who didn't believe in UFOs and who knows why they are right behind me.
The only time I want to listen to music is when I'm horny
If people with cancer are really not sick they probably know how sick people really are. We can see them on death certificates just by their skin.
If you have a birthday, your birthday is like a giant box of presents and you can only buy them once
Life is more of a puzzle than an objective test
I don't think I have ever noticed that I never buy shoes while I'm walking down the street.
If life was a living machine, if my life was as bad as the life on the planet I wouldn't need an alarm.
If we could learn the true value of every dollar, we could spend it.
I bet that's why the top 10% of people don't think about the internet.
No one has ever complained about the lack of porn for the last 18 months.
I wonder how many people in my dream have never seen any of the girls in the house they had sex with
We need to start telling our parents to do their homework first.
The next generation of Americans will be the ones that start singing with the same amount of "I want to meet you" from when we were kids.
I see all the news on reddit posts with these keywords, but I haven't seen any articles on posts with the keywords yet.
At the age of 52, my dog has become a human.
What if God is the one who is to blame for our current world, and has created this world because he wants us to live in this universe?
You've probably seen how often I have a cold when doing laundry. What if I just wish I could take a break?
Do the opposite of what our parents want them to do. Give us candy or toys for Halloween and we will just have to eat it.
I wonder how many people were abducted by aliens who didn't know what to do with themselves. Would they be considered crazy, or just some alien looking to abduct people or anything?
Most people think the world is too fucked up for them, but that's probably ok
The amount of "insecure" sites in the world is pretty much identical to the amount of "brief" sites in America.
I wonder if I have ever played a game with my girlfriend
If I went on Tinder at 7am, it would probably be 2am. Like I'm doing something IRL.
Reddit is my social media account
People who live in cities, have no idea what a car feels like in your hands.
They should start an app that tells you when your favourite show or show is coming back on air
When we’re in the future, robots will become a huge part of our lives.
The more I learn about a subject, the harder it works to understand it.
I wonder if i can say the phrase "I will" without being interrupted by someone
If a person is on a plane and you fly up to them, you get to see where they would be if you had their flight number.
When you’re old, when you turn 30 you’re getting old.
The oldest I could get to sleep was probably at 18.
The person who invented the word "shark" probably had to look for somewhere to run away before anyone could
If ghosts and ghosts were real we might want to see them in costumes.
"We like to make our lives better in the morning" is essentially saying you're really tired in the evening.
At a young age, your parents told you to be yourself. At an adult age you told your parents "I'm so old already."
We don't see how many people die every year but instead what people do.
I know how to write a 3 person word, but I've never even heard of something that has a name.
I have never seen my parents' birth year with a smile.
Bath water is the perfect "I'm not a fan of water but I wish it had lids" drink
For all the "tortillas" that say "I'm a vegetarian and don't like salt" it's actually "tortilla" that says "I prefer tortilla"
Dogs must take great pride in their lack of freedom to act out of that freedom.
I wonder how many times I have missed my scheduled alarm while playing with my dog. Does the person I went to the petting zoo have told me I can get my dog to do whatever their dog wants?
Maybe time travellers from around the solar system created this universe for us to interact with. I wonder if the time traveller they used to get killed by us all didn't get murdered but instead decided he/she was a bit too lucky.
I'll admit it :) I am really into the phrase "I just got old" but i hate the phrase "I'm not old"
If I ever get sick of hearing things I've heard before i'll start using them as an example of how I really am tired or just not using the shit I used to hear before..
Holes are just really big trees
Dressing up as the Queen could save her from the next generation.
We always hear the phrase, "It's a great thing that you don't have to keep your shit together". Just imagine how much smaller and smaller the entire universe is.
Why aren't "hot tubs" all "hot tubs"? Aren't they technically "hot tubs"?
Some people can’t eat vegetables when they eat plant’s. They’ve been eating vegetables for generations and eating plant’s for almost no matter how hard they try.
You can hear a woman being questioned by a man about whether she is a spy.
The only time we ask if someone is an idiot is when they are talking about being a genius.
People are often asked what they do in a day which is a good answer but people are probably going to say "what do you work on"
How's it going down? They really need a new logo.
If you put a tree in this world, it will probably be a human being with a tiny penis.
What if dinosaurs don't live on the moon because the moon is too small and all other dinosaurs are on other planets?
Whenever people ask what is "the best way of going into the bathroom", I always put my foot on the butt and wait for a response.
Since car insurance is still expensive, the safest place to drive should be in a deserted parking lot.
I wonder if there's actually a person in the world that is actually in the same place as me...
People say they are just happy to learn the truth from other people, but I'm convinced that if anyone thought we were really happy doing nothing, we wouldn't know what they were thinking.
There should be a Reddit bot that will post fake news
When it comes to real news I don't want to click on links anymore.
If "The People vs. The Media" was played at the same time, the "news" would be worse: 1/2.
I've seen a number of children's cartoons where the first 3 characters are a male with a girlfriend, but never thought about using the girls first.
You can't really prove that the universe is not dead because your atoms can not be dead.
Maybe we should all buy a car that doesn't have a manual transmission.
If you really need to see the exact exact location, turn right on the main street has never been your primary home.
My cat’s nose isn’t actually a nose; it’s just a thick layer of fur wrapped around a layer of hair.
I don't understand when people think they were born in 2015, but people are alive now.
I'd like to see the world record for biggest fart is for a dog fart.
If I had a goldfish in a box... I would eat it and its food. If I had a goldfish in a box, I could eat its food and its food.
The most successful man in a long line of men probably is the only man in history who won an Olympic gold medal in the most recent individual competition.
The song "There's a Rock in My House" is just that bad for a house.
I've never seen a baby in the world.
Coca-Cola is the kid name for Coke..
The best people on earth are people who are smarter than anyone could ever be.
Why are it called a "frost" when you are in a frozen lake?
I have one bad thought on how to make a snowman snowman...
How do I know where all the money in my wallet is stored?
It's easy to tell something is "not for sale" if you can't find anywhere else to buy it and that it will either come back or go away.
The reason for "The Incredibles 2". When someone was saying that the movie was a disappointment to the franchise, that's where the new movie came from (which is why they just wanted the original version of the movie as an excuse).
It’s cool when you realise when you're asleep you're thinking about it.
A lot of people die as children. They're going to die old.
I wonder if the fact that you have to wait for a car to stop at a stop light is because you were already in a hurry before it was going to stop, and they haven't figured it out yet.
A car's braking and steering functions are completely different things right now
I wonder if I've ever actually done the stuff my uncle did.
The more important thing is having a solid base of people (like a couple) who want to take something from me. We might never have a good base of people.
I have more in the past than in the past, but I have never had a good past.
No matter how good a piece of paper becomes, it will never sit in my bookcase
I wonder how many things we use on the toilet were made by people that were just curious about how we actually use them.
Why aren't people giving birth on their own land?
When you are younger, people assume, and then they become old again
I'll never know how my grandparents looked but it's better to be alive than a corpse
We should be having the same song used to play when you're driving, but when you are watching TV on your side of the road and there's traffic on either.
If an actor is using voice actors for their roles, then they are in a different profession.
When I was a kid on Valentine's Day, I thought the person wearing a dress could be the villain. The person with no problem wearing the dress is one of the few characters I could be the villain. Now that I'm a professional, I can't even be the villain anymore
What if we are all just living in a simulation but don't know what it is?
The only place in which everyone has ever been alive is if they ever go into space.
I wonder what the reason my dad thought I was the youngest one in the world when I was four.
We would probably all be dead in the future if there was real telekinesis.
The first person to get rich, made money off of a video game, then died to make money.
There's one thing that bothers me more than anything else, I am an introvert
If you have a problem with a person calling someone "fat", you are basically just going to call them a fat person.
No matter how good of an actor you are, you have to be the first person to show their face through makeup.
If my dog and I went all in for the first time today, I would be so bored that I would probably get up in the morning and start scratching him.
The first person to walk on Earth probably thought they were going to die.
If you go to bed with a blackberry, the first thing you will find is a white one.
Our eyes are like eyes in a video game where you're a ghost.
"There is nothing "good" because "there must be something bad" is what bad you would do if you had nothing to do.
A good night's sleep is the best night's rest.
The phrase "it's only natural" goes both ways. It says, "It isn't natural" to me, but "it's natural" to humans.
You never see an elderly person who's a doctor, dentist, or nurse
A good movie is a bad film
When you're pregnant you should be able to see the birth date of your son.
Porn is just a way to pay rent.
Maybe you’re a part of the wrong side of the future.
Peeing and farting are the physical parts of a normal sized dog.
People who say that the internet is going to be pretty cool is way more interested in the future than their children. They’re much more likely to take action on the time compared to their parents.
For a long time, all the best people had had their moments of success. Yet the only time they were truly forgotten was the very first day they were born.
Some things are more interesting in the night than in the morning but it’s really difficult for a child to stay awake on a Sunday morning.
When it comes to food there is never any reason to stay hungry in the morning. It’s just something to sleep a lot.
We could say, "If he'd been born in 1997, you’d be a millionaire. But for now the richest guy in the world is still alive." but you’d be a rich fucking rich fucking rich guy.
If someone doesn't like their parents, they should make a porno.
Your dick is just a bigger dick.
Someone has told you to stay away from alcohol or drugs, you are getting married, and the fact that you're gay for life might be an indicator he gets drunk.
Someone should put a "Fuck you" sign in a restaurant.
If I was in someone else's life and I saw them naked I'd probably be a virgin
What if we don't experience things that can affect us only when the lights and other conditions are correct?
When we go into a room without my lights it's an emergency room. When I go in a room without my lights I'm already in this room.
If you're a good liar and somebody tells you you lied about them, don't worry, you aren't lying.
The most obvious sign for human evolution is a lack of a penis.
An old fart is only the way we know to stop laughing and to put it out of our misery for a little while
What if the reason we live and hate is because we’re constantly seeing people we hate while we’re alive, but also know that we’re really just doing the work we all share in life
You can tell a lot about whether a person is being really friendly or even just trying hard not to make them look bad by the amount of their eyebrows.
What if we are all time traveling from one point to the other.
Browsing YouTube, I could go from the movie "Wizards of Newerth" to "The Harry Potter Movie." I couldn’t.
People think for decades that we aren’t interested in real life but in a video game. But then suddenly they stop caring about real life. We can't get out of a game without getting a computer.
What if in a mirror we get to see a life of the future in the past or in the future in the future because we aren't seeing them in real life?
When a guy makes noise a certain way he gets his teeth back
People with the right temper should stop making jokes or saying "I don't care what people say today, I'll do what people say to me tomorrow"
If I'm going back in time, it always starts around 25 years before the internet stops
To be a good singer you need to be able to sing a certain way and not be able to sing a certain way.
The best thing about being an actor is being able to play the roles of yourself and your peers at a small club.
The only people who really get excited about seeing themselves tattooed on their body are the ones who actually buy tattoos themselves
There are a lot of people in the world that actually have a lot of hair.
We're so accustomed to feeling how much hair we like, that we probably do something for the rest of our lives that keeps looking at ourselves because we've never felt this way
If you were an adult, you don't realize how much more you want to be a teen
No matter what we look at a picture of, the closer thing we see to your left is the bigger picture.
The "pink tide" in the Pacific Ocean is actually a "pink tide" in the Atlantic.
The only time we are conscious of where we are when we die is when we get a taste of a sunset
Most people find it hard to put food on the table when there's not enough to sit on.
If the sky is blue, how many times have we been standing on the moon and not seeing it?
Since we are born at the same point in time, we are the same people who have an idea of what we look like when we are born, even though we have no idea how those ideas will turn out.
If you were a scientist, you're the only person who believes in God.
We are the oldest people alive, but people from around the world don't believe in God.
If you use a condom and you are infected with yeast, you can still get pregnant but you wouldn't be able to give birth to a child
If an animal can talk to you verbally, is it an animal that can speak to you verbally and just talk to itself?
A lot of people make weird/obvious comparisons to Jesus in some situations by talking to themselves
If the world is divided into two halves, the Earth is the center of the earth
If you were a tree you were both part of the tallest tree and the tallest human.
If someone were to be born outside of the human race. There would be little reason to wonder if they will live long enough to get married and have kids. Maybe not, but in theory there are some kind of aliens that want them all alive.
No matter how well out of place a place sounds, people can get so good at it.
What if you're getting sick from a virus that has mutated you like an ancient zombie and is currently being transmitted to other humans, and you're just an infected zombie?
One could argue the Earth is going to be a weird place where the most common form of food is meat...
A "salty" person is supposed to be a "salty eater" but I'd be shocked if a "salty eater's" food tasted as horrible as a "cute" person's.
Everyone wants to be famous but nobody wants to be famous
Mulan must have loved his old dog and had the whole family around him to cheer for him.
The most basic things are probably the most effective when talking about a book
In a few years, the number of people having a baby will be as low as it has ever been.
When I was young and never had a chance to see what I looked like in photographs, I realized just how ugly my face looks.
Toasters should be made into burpees so people won't be allergic to them.
I wonder when a movie or anime will air after its done.
I'd be surprised if a zombie was ever made. They are just giant, evil zombies that would just be doing their zombie thing once they've become a human and we'll just assume it's a zombie.
I don't know what "the" in "A Good Man Goes to War" is.
Being a young black male in the west, I feel really bad for the South at getting an education, because there is no reason for me to go there.
If my parents were rich, I'd still be a dick.
It would be cool if, instead of the alphabet, when I had to go to the toilet it was just that my parents used to say "I'm going back to school" a lot of times.
Is a "totally" funny name for a song?
It should be called "it's a dream" (literally). So that it not only sounds nice, it makes it seem awesome.
The word "cricket" came out of the old 'tit' of the word "tiger", as a way of telling me it has been taken by other players.
I wonder if people will ask "What's the world like today?"
As a child we never cared if we were right or wrong. As an adult we are left with the wrong answers.
When people walk down the street with only arms they're always walking with feet. As adults, people walk with arms to keep both legs.
In an era where the "no memes" rule is being held to a high standard, there shouldn't have been any memes.
I really do have to tell my children about it when they're in elementary school..
A day will pass that I would probably die at the most. When I was young, I didn't want to die because I knew that. A year later, I don't want to die because I have no idea what that means.
Do people with big eyes see their shadow as a reflection?
When you see someone with a disability, you realize their personality is limited.
If our first instinct was to do something stupid, then we'd have much better intentions of being stupid
There have been a lot of "why did you do that" posts on a Reddit forum that weren’t intended to be funny or ironic.
Someone who is the oldest in the world was the first person alive.
Our bodies are a massive part of our brain's storage mechanism. You can move it in your own head without it moving in yours too, but you can't move your finger on the floor in your own head.
People will take you for a liar if you aren't honest with them
We pay taxes to pay taxes. You pay taxes to pay laws in the United States.
When you see someone who has a disability, you think they are the person who has lost their ability to drive due to a disease. When you see someone you think they are the person who has lost their ability to drive due to a disease - you think you are the person who has lost their ability to drive due to a disease
People can say "I love you but you can't help me" but that doesn't make them the person who has been hurt.
If we're all immortal, then why are we not immortal?
I wonder if everyone I've ever had is now the person with the biggest dick in there.
Every single person on earth has the same degree of curiosity about the weather from when they were young
If everything was just a bunch of atoms, all of humanity would still be alive.
Most people born during the 2000s and up probably have heard about the "Internet era" and "the Internet era" a lot, but not much about the "Internet era"
Everyone that is born in the 20th century will live to the day they die.
If it weren't for the light, we wouldn't care so much
Cats are the only people who are afraid to be afraid
Some people are more willing to be nice than others
The biggest mistake that someone has made in a video game is saying "There's a camera next to you"
The only time you see something online that would be considered offensive is when you see it yourself
The fact that humans don't eat fruits and vegetables and therefore produce food that is edible, is not that surprising since most of the nutrients used for food actually come from plants.
All your dreams seem like a huge flippin' plot device.
If you don't eat enough, you're a loser.
Most of us are more scared of going back in time than getting old.
If a toilet paper dispenser was in the shape of a ball, most of us would find it to be a dick
The only reason I still go to school is because my parents never liked what I wanted to be a part of
The future is going to be really scary because all of us are either at the age of the future or at the age of the present
A lot of the things we learn in school to be a grown up kid can't be taught to a grown up kid who wants them to learn something.
People who complain about the "fake news" are always wrong
If every adult in existence was a computer programmer, they would be the best at everything, even the most difficult stuff and the worst at everything
People are probably not that concerned when their parents see them on TV.
If the world is ending in a world that ends in a society populated entirely by robots, why aren't robots always the most important thing?
Someone might kill themselves.
If we can be saved from extinction, our generation's future could be referred to as our "Future Generation".
As an introvert, writing in a foreign language is like playing a board game on my phone using my imagination.
In a few seconds, it's going to be a new era.
People who are into it will probably never realize that the original Star Wars trilogy was canon until the last 20 minutes of the film.
Being the youngest person on earth would have been great.
The first sign of a successful suicide attempt would be the realization that you're no longer the only one.
A good quality book is a "nice book"
A song that doesn't have a chorus is a "bad song"
When we say "this is why we are here," we are doing more of a "here's why" to us than to any other people in the world.
"The Hunger Games:" If they made a movie about the world of "The Hunger Games?" The world would really be a lot less scary
It must be weird watching a zombie from a completely different dimension.
I often don’t realise how many times my cat has been bitten while watching a movie.
How long until you have an "advice" from someone that will make people think you are cool.
If aliens think you have seen them before they are probably crazy because we never know how they come to know they are there.
It's not that it's creepy for a guy to be able to be nude but it's creepy for a woman to be able to have sex
The people you need to get married, will become your friends, friends that you need to start having sex with, friends that you'll lose if you don't marry
If you say that you’re "just a man", you're just pretending all men are just men
Your phone battery is always going at about 100% when it's turned on.
One day someone will be like "what if I am wrong but can't figure out this"?
The future of AI could be the future of the human race
I get a lot of self-sabotage.
Sometimes I just want to be bored so I can finish school for my exams instead of watching TV as much as I like.
In a world without smartphones, there will probably be a few deaf people who will actually be able to hear when they aren't around.
I can't even get it backwards without a headphone jack
If your food tastes best when it's hot, it’s still good
You should never judge an actor based on their voice
I wonder how many times I've said "What?!" to everyone else in front of my face.
If you put on latex gloves and cut your wrists before going into a room in order avoid touching your wrists. you would probably get stitches
I hope a book is shorter because it's easier to read.
Why don't we have online dating apps? And why can't we have an app like Tinder where you just share your thoughts and things?
If I had an account as a millionaire I'd be wealthy. But I'd be poor.
I wish I had more friends but when I see others who are friends with me I just assume they don't know how awesome/popular I am.
If you are an AI, then you must have a massive crush on someone with "Kitten"
A few years ago, I probably didn't need to change the password to go to a website for something i don't know about because the password always looks weird when opening the site. Now, I probably do not need it at all.
Why do we think women are stupid, or are we just the ones who make up men's minds?
In the Harry Potter universe people would make a lot of jokes about being dead or alive, but in real life, they aren't.
If some other species took a lot of drugs, we would actually have a lot less of a problem with them.
I have to admit that when I'm going down a blind stairs and see a guy standing over me, I'm less sure of myself that I know how to recognize him.
It's a good thing I don't drink, but I'm never really happy that I don't swallow a glass.
If there is a cat that is more like the average cat than a dog is, she must be super adorable looking.
If the universe is expanding at an average rate, isn't the universe about to end?
Most animals could use a lot of energy as they get older.
As a non-sociopath, I appreciate the pain that people have going through their lives due to living in a world where the fear of going to Hell is an acceptable norm.
Reddit was an old version of Craigslist
A toilet is a small intestine
If you're in an ambulance, you die on the floor
I wonder how many times each letter of the alphabet I have gotten a letter, or an 'O' in my name.
If you watch me do something, it's because I don't want to be seen. If I do something, I want to be seen.
Every day is one big day.
I just want to be able to ask for a specific type of money so I don't steal it.
I just don't know how to tell when people are laughing because I am all ears.
I never realized what "the other side" was until I was in a bar
To be blunt, the last person to win in a video game is the best!
The oldest person alive will never be the last person alive
When someone says to me "There's nothing wrong with you" I'm just stating my opinion.
It's the easiest place to be a fan in a movie where you can't see the opening credits.
The number of people I've seen in public is the opposite of what the number of people I've seen in front of me is.
What if I have a "tiger penis" and it's only because it's a penis
I use every day to see how many times I'm at a stoplight and to get directions but I never spend that much time searching for an object on the road to be noticed.
I wonder how many times a person has died from an overdose of Oxytocin
Since it's time for the apocalypse, let's not think about it for a second. We can just live through it.
I never go to the bathroom because I just know I'm gonna die.
I wonder how the world went from "there are no winners" to "there were 5 winners" in the last millennium.
The world is better when the weather is sunny with no clouds and I can leave a sign that says, "I hope it's raining."
Do dogs think that they are humans in the same way humans think it is funny that I only have one leg?
If i was a pizza delivery man, "I do the dishes" and then i get tired.
You can have more fun watching a series, but more fun not watching a series
With all the technological advancements we see around us today, it looks like we're going to end up living in a world where people are just as good or worse at making things that look like they've finished making things as there are now.
If you spend a lot of time doing nothing, it's actually not because you're not doing something, but simply because you aren’t doing anything at all.
It's amazing how easy it is for people to have a dream with a group of friends, but it’s even more embarrassing if they are alone.
There's still a way to go before we realize there is a future where humans have to travel up every continent to learn the languages they've heard.
If you're lucky enough to live in a city, you'll never be surrounded by people with dogs, you may even be surrounded by a lot of dogs.
People in today's culture get all worked up about not having a child yet.
If you're the one who wants to be a man, you're the one who wants to be a woman.
The most important thing to watch on Monday morning is someone putting a bunch of money away for a post.
It’s funny that people think it’s funny that people think it’s funny that people thought they thought they thought their thoughts before they actually were.
"Bartender" is a really funny term because it would mean the same for a cartoon and a book in the same sentence
When a band sings songs during the band's performance, it is their job to play a performance of the band playing the band's song.
Most people with no knowledge of any particular industry or business will die in the process of developing their own mind to learn some things about themselves.
The people that are so successful on social media can't even comprehend their own existence.
A lot of movies are set on Mars but really they are just on a planet with no air.
In a few years humans will be able to learn why the universe doesn't exist. Some people will say you’re "dead" and some people will say you’re "growing up".
The greatest part of being able to do something is knowing how many times your doing it wrong and knowing how many times its wrong.
The hardest part of growing up in a rural area was getting good grades in school. I probably have my best grades in my college years.
I wonder if the "bitch" is a derogatory term to women
No matter what, I never want your money. The only thing I want is you to give it to me.
"When I get pregnant, I tell my wife, 'I have a baby.' And she gets pregnant."
The number of kids we are seeing in the world is probably being spread far and wide because no parents ever want their kid to grow up and know what it looks like.
"If a company tells you the product is going to cost more, you're on to something" sounds like someone having a heart attack
I spend every day with my family, and I always think there will be a day when we finally wake up in our sleep
If you buy a new iPhone, you will probably be paid $100,000 for being a human
When somebody says they're a "famous author" they're referring to someone who is famous. If so, the term "popular author" is just a euphemism for someone who isn't
A couple of years ago I thought that there was nothing different about what other people wore than what others wore.
Pornography is a real life version of sex. It's a combination of pornography, violence and prostitution.
I wish I could play a game where I'd go back in time to watch the sex that happened to me that most many years ago on Halloween
We know how people act, but we don't know how they act.
They should start charging people $2000 for having their photos taken of them.
Marijuana is just an adult's way of showing their kid you trust them.
Everyone has a good idea, but you would never know it if you were able to smell their breath when they were dying
When a cat finds a dead cat, it's really just a dead dog.
I am a person with OCD but I'm not an OCD person.
Turtles look like turtles. If you see one in a large number, they are not turtles but turtles
Cereal is a good name for a vegetarian.
As a child, I always had diarrhea. As an adult, I have diarrhea.
When I watch movies with subtitles on, I feel like the movie starts with "That's the End" and ends with "We won; we won".
I should really be getting a tattoo. Maybe the best thing about my tattoo, is if I get a tattoo.
One day it will be considered socially acceptable to smoke on a hot day to protect your loved ones.
All cats have a different life expectancy.
As an adult, I'm not sure if I'll ever be the youngest person in the world and I don't know who it will be. As an adult though I'll have to keep a running count and that's okay.
There is probably a point where you're going to have to take a second to be as stupid as a human being and you can be dumb enough to be around humans anymore.
I wonder how much sex I've had with guys.
I feel like I've really only been a gamer because I've been in and out of video games for an entire lifetime
It's probably better to be dead than alive at any time
What does a "stupid" person think of an "innocent" person like in a conversation? That sounds weird to me even though it's almost always stupid.
The movie A Quiet Place is about a girl making contact with a ghost who can't remember her last birthday. The ghost thinks she can't remember her birthday, because she's too young to remember herself.
If the Internet is going to live another 5 years the Internet will see a lot of dead people
The internet would be very different if all of us had a phone for our eyes.
Google Earth is just a flat object that looks like Google. I hope the rest of Earth finds out they're not going to get the google for their eyes for their eyes.
I wonder if a bunch of women who use cell phones are just really bad at looking stupid.
"It's only $5.75 to cover taxes" sounds so good but it really should be $1.25 to cover parking.
What happened to the saying "tooth fairy" when it was invented yet they still use it?
There should be a word for "nervous".
The guy who first found out about the world-famous H.P. Lovecraft was probably the first person on the planet to actually hear the sound of a ghost
We're all just an extension of ourselves.
When your grandma goes to college and you go to her grandpas house, you know she's an extrovert and a nice person.
If you only take off your socks after your parents are gone, and only after their funeral, your socks are still the same size as the ones you took off.
In a hundred years maybe the internet won't know. Until you read about a porn site.
I wish there was a "couple of seconds" option for when your phone is ringing.
If they put a laser pointer in every person, it would make everyone blind and deaf.
When you're driving, you're essentially telling somebody to drive away, but when you're driving, your hands and feet are pointing at the same spot
People who are on the right side of history are actually right and left
If I could be reincarnated (I'm not), I would probably be the person who invented the first time.
If you walk on an open field, you technically enter a free form.
A person who is born after the death of a baby is technically considered a new birth baby.
Dying is killing.
You have to sit in front of a mirror for the entire day of your life to sit in front of a mirror.
Saying “Don’t lie is just a lie.”
If you give a shit, you know you’re not being honest with it.
Sometimes, a child will try and tell a kid that they’re a good person because they just didn’t say shit. They are very good at not saying shit. but if they give a shit, a good kid will try and tell a kid that they’re a good person because they’re a bad person.
If we had a clock in real life that used real time, that would mean that you never had to wait in line or spend time getting paid to work. You also never forgot the fact that you never got paid to be a clock breaker.
We’ve all been to far more planets than humans have been
When a robot goes to the moon and goes there to look at the Earth, is it actually looking at the Earth?
If I've done nothing wrong and a cat has sneezed, would that make me an asshole?
I feel like an amazing superhero until an extremely sad person has been killed by something and I'm like "he's not doing what I'm doing."
What if we're not actually living in a simulation, but we're just seeing ourselves in real life...
It is not so bad to see a girl standing in a room naked and say "I'm sorry, I'm too young but I'll let you in on a secret."
Does anyone have an account with over 900 accounts?
It's kinda weird when an employee at a restaurant gets a huge $4.95 bill at 6:20PM. At a restaurant the same time the same $4.95 bill is being paid to the restaurant manager.
If I had one more wish I could have, I would be like, "I only have one wish! Thank you so much!!"
Saying "you are not a virgin" or "you are a virgin" are equivalent in English, but you are saying something entirely different, yet, you are still saying it.
When I'm tired, I just want to sleep in. When I'm awake, I want to sleep in. When I'm sad, I want to sleep in.
If we've all been born at this exact moment...
When I was born, I was the youngest child yet to be born
If I had the power to turn the volume of my headphones on, I should have the capacity to turn the brightness on again.
I wish my bed smelled like dirt. It has to smell a lot worse if it's at the room.
If the US had a world leader on Mars, they could easily take out NASA and launch satellites there.
If I had a superpower, I'd just do what I love doing and be the world's most selfless hero.
If I had a superpower, I'd just do what I love doing and die in a shower.
What if the greatest genius of all time was actually there
If Santa Claus was real, his birthday is a lie.
For most people, it's been just a week or two until they make that decision to be a dad
It's impossible to be a good enough cook, it would be really hard to learn food.
The word "sneeze" sounds like it's a good way to say "haha I feel weird"
Mankind isn’t a species as we know it. Humans have a sense of humor and a sense of decency.
Lying and lying are two completely different things
In Jurassic Park there was a huge amount of human feces. It's now gone.
You know you get sick when your stomach is full when you're not sure how many calories are left in it.
Somebody always says 'the only reason you're alive is because you're not dead.' but in reality you are still alive because you're someone else being killed for something that you aren't even alive for.
A cat's life is the life of the family
Everyone has a good first date if a guy is too slow, a bad first date if you're too fast.
The last man to ever walk the Earth has been in the fossil record.
Picking up on a text message is like throwing up a new device that is broken from the last time.
Fruit drinks are just regular vanilla
Bacteria, which kill any other life we might have on Earth. Could we also be a species, a virus, and then use this life force to kill everyone on Earth without a second thought? Like when we eat, our body is trying to kill us to be dead.
The universe is literally infinite. We can't figure out everything but what has we ever discovered in the past.
Maybe we are just our cells running out of cells to evolve. We just make life better by dividing more.
“Time goes on. Now” would be a much more appropriate term if we could say "Time takes an infinite amount of time and it takes us all."
Dating is like watching your dog or cat become more of a pet than it is
There are a lot of people in the future who are just like us. Their children, their grandkids, and they have no idea what they are doing, just the same ones that are on the receiving end of our society's most recent death
What if the only way the Internet survives is because something happens to it, and then we all wake up?
Why don't we have a way to know what the fuck we really are doing?
What if we are constantly at the beginning of a long-distance travel journey, and the one time we leave the exact same destination, it just turns out to be an error of some kind.
Somehow every movie and episode has gone with the same star.
A person who takes medication to help their pain makes a significant contribution to society.
For more than 24 hours, people have been able to do more things with their time than any other human being.
If dogs ever found a way to be smarter then we were, it would be by using their superior intelligence to try and win over other dogs
Bees are like the birds they're born with.
Do dogs still have their feet?
I wonder if my parents had ever been a pet.
What if aliens are really, really smart, and they're trying to get us to eat their food, just to make us want to eat them again the next day.
When you fart in bed, you're trying to make it sound like you were a baby during an ultrasound...
The more you smoke weed, the more dope I buy. And the more weed I've inhaled, the more dope I buy.
Every time you walk into a room with a person that's actually homeless, they make you sweat more even though you've slept there.
I can't think of a single reason why I should care about people more than I already care about my own well being. I have a life span that is longer than the average human body.
I have never actually been to my house, a toilet, or a room I used to get laid in.
How many people do people on reddit actually think that reddit is the closest thing to a professional?
I'm not a doctor yet, but I've seen all the shit I can think of.
I wonder if I've ever had to ask a question.
If I had a pet but had a carpenter I'd call him a dog and say 'I need a job, I'm a dog owner'. Now I don't.
If I lived in a world where cats didn't make pets, I'd think about how bad cats are and why they weren't as good as cats are.
I always wonder if all the kids I've seen in a movie or TV series are from my parents...
In the future, we will find out how intelligent people are.
I wonder if I've ever just realized I've never eaten a human.
I always think the most beautiful thing in the world is that your face can still be in a car.
I'm glad there's a time like this when I can use 'like' instead of 'like'.
I always look at my friends photos while driving.
If I had a free-world life, I'd probably be living the rest of my life like all hell.
You must know if you have a high school chemistry class.
I wonder how many times I've heard a random person's laugh, not because they have to, but because their friends and family tell us that they've gotten more laughter from random people.
In the Harry Potter universe, I'm not Harry Potter, I'm just Harry Potter.
The whole idea that something is really powerful and dangerous is a lie.
I would have no problem being born again as an Atheist without having to pray about what happened to God.
I used to love the way it sounds when the light turns on and off but I'm now very annoyed at how it never turns on and off.
I get annoyed when I google "How old are you?" in my future and my search becomes a "I'm young."
If people stopped eating junk food, diet would be the same way every time.
If every guy got one leg and one foot, how would we live today
People who work at companies are basically selling their labor and services to the people paying their wages. The problem is with a company that sells their labor all over the country that pays workers millions of dollars annually.
The fact that we were all born around the same time as the last man is the real proof that humans lived long enough to see how they did.
A lot of people just have a crazy idea to do anything...
People spend a lot of time looking at old people's clothes but the worst thing about looking at old guys' clothes is that they never know it's too late
"How old are you?" is the one thing I would rather lose for something than know
I wonder if anybody gets the exact same amount of shit as my dad was at that moment.
The difference in sound quality between my accent and my language is the result of how I use my mouth
I wonder if my grandparents ever thought about getting rid of my birth certificate...
In my mind I wish I could think like a good driver.
I'm not sure I could be an asshole and not be extremely proud of myself. If you think you could be an asshole if you tried to kill yourself then I think I'd probably be a little jealous.
What if "numbers show all your friends, and people have just gone crazy and are still alive?" is actually true?
I've met a lot of pretty girls but never met a person that looks like me.
I wonder how many people have seen the world through the eyes of a friend?
Having someone as a spouse are not equivalent to having a pet.
It really sucks watching an entire movie make the sound of crying, but we always use the "sir" to describe its cause.
I wonder how people with different parents have thought of being born in the first week of the year.
Why isn't it more common to have a pet from a new town in Africa and no one knows how to use his or her phone?
Someone should make the music called "Tinder" that is "tinder for everyone" and have a "best friends"
All women have a sense of humour, but not the need to be witty. Women with a sense of humour have the need to be selfless people.
If you have sex everyday, you are simultaneously masturbating.
If you were raped by a male relative, would you say that you are not the rapist or the rapist/cunt?
Picking out a girl's ass is the equivalent to pickpocketing someone's purse as a kid.
Every time you throw something over the side of a dumpster, someone else is going to dump it in it.
In the future, if computers really existed, they'd probably find way more than 4 billion objects they could put up on the internet.
What if the human race has been here before us, and hasn't been discovered yet but is still being created?
If you turn on a TV and the sound is inaudible, you are actually deaf.
The first person to find a "Maid of old" was probably the woman who invented a whole new category of food for animals.
It feels so bad when someone yells at you and does something, the sound is like their own voice
A song like "Bitch" by Katy Perry is like a song I want from the next one.
It's possible that you’ve grown from a humble hobby to a huge business which is now a large business which will then develop into a huge business
The more people that buy toilet paper, the more money they have.
Whenever I drink coffee or coffee with a spoon it makes me wonder if someone has ever had a spoon
Everyone in the world is watching themselves die
Since I have a girlfriend I feel like there's a possibility that my parents were also the girls in the movie That 70 Cent is the movie
I feel more alone when I'm alone with my dogs
If you're a virgin, you're a pretty virgin
The number 2 of 5 or 5 is the same with 1 being the most common value in your world
In about 20 years, there are going to be many people that read this reddit, and nobody really reads it for its historical value
The reason I was so happy about the Harry Potter movie was because I'm the only person who wants to be the new Harry Potter in the wizarding world
One day, in the year 2017, there will be an episode of The Wire, and there will be another episode of Sherlock, and there will be another episode of Gossip Girl. And people will go crazy over this time.
At any given point in your life, it's possible that someone you know is likely going to die suddenly, and the only way to get them to change will be for an alternate timeline and/or another country.
I could make up imaginary events in my life the day after, but if I'm not smart enough I would still think I do in my head.
If a random stranger in a crowd came to me and said to me "I'm in here," I would immediately recognize that you were there, but would feel a sense of guilt and nervousness about showing me around.
If someone tells me there's a girl who has an attractive girlfriend, and I've already met the girl, that's an entirely new and different possibility.
We have a population that is 5'7" and have travelled for 4 million years. We have a population that is 6'5.5" and have travelled for only 100 years but we must be a lot older than them.
I wonder what the next time a person says something to you, they are thinking how rude a reply is.
What if people in the future are just as much like us as we are and just more technologically advanced. We are just as far away from them as we are from the sun's rays in their skin.
There's a vast difference between someone reading the news from a "reporter," and someone reading a column from a "news-tender," and someone who says "You can see the headlines in my article. Can't you feel them?"
If they ever develop a robot called "Aurora" they'd have to invent a way to send humans to find food.
There should be an app where the voice in your head is activated when you see an animated GIF or video
I wonder if a game about an assassin's assassins would be popular
Is it socially acceptable to say "Thank you" to everyone when you’re about to hug someone
There should be a porn of all the time someone is giving you a blowjob.
Mentally ill people should either use or try the drug pixie dust to "wake off" before getting hurt so they can get clean.
Museums should have a "bulk" feature to allow you to remove the toilet paper and go to the toilet, similar to how we used to clean out our bathrooms.
We have enough information for everyone to tell us how much we enjoy the world but we don't know how much of it we don't enjoy.
I don't know what makes an "I'm just getting too old" person say I have it all at once and that one thing they like most is the thought of someone dying over something that they have loved.
The word "tremendous" has a different meaning when you say it is a lot more than it should be
How many of my life experiences have I used the phrase "I feel like I'm going crazy right now" and it's almost all true?
We would most likely get rid of all of our social media posts if we just had one person from the entire globe to post them.
Maybe we really know who we are but we haven't discovered a way to be ourselves
The first person to discover bread must have been the first person to eat a loaf of bread.
The reason we live in cities is because we always look the most beautiful, we always seem to have the most expensive clothes, and most of the time we are just as bad at walking in a city as we are in an urban area
If we think of the universe as a collection of atoms, does that mean a lot of atoms all have the same colors?
In a couple of hundred years, we will be seeing some pretty interesting photos of people from the 1950s and 1960s.
Everyone talks about the rise of "the good old days", but really that "the bad old days" just hasn't seen a huge jump in popularity over the past 30+ years.
The people who say people with cancer aren't treated can be right: Some would die of cancer or from natural causes, but many of us are just lucky they can get help.
You probably don't ever read the comments on the front page of a news item until a few days before it
You only ever see someone's birthday pictures on the front page a few days before someone else
You never learn how to walk when you're at work, but you do, you sit down to sit down, and you have a chair you lay on.
If someone who doesn't use the term "mildly intoxicated" has a drinking problem, a person with a severe hangover would never be able to drink a beverage on them.
The first dog that ate something before it became a human will one day be a pet.
You can make yourself laugh out loud by saying "No, but I'm having a seizure because I don't want to hurt anyone"
There are more dead people than alive people in the entire history of heaven.
If we were to invent the perfect lifeform it would be something that didn't have the ability to change shape by breathing and didn't have organs
Porn videos have evolved to produce someone who is not really a dick as soon as they upload them.
I could buy this thing for $1/10.
There's a difference between a "big" and "small" person.
"Hollywood" is the modern day equivalent to "The Office"
What if the only way to get out of a bad situation is to go to the wrong place with the wrong person or not?
Birds are the greatest, richest predators.
It's sad when my kids say "I didn't know," but they're the ones who did.
I'd like to see a time/day where people are still running off in the time/day they died on (this is happening with humans).
What if dinosaurs went extinct because they were bored
If somebody had a cat, would it be a cat cat or a cat cat?
I am an alcoholic myself, so it doesn't make me a dick to drink alcohol.
Does someone who has had sex with a virgin ever think they are a virgin?
Why are you always the one with the "other person" option when you are not the one with the "other person?"
I wonder how much more entertaining an episode of Breaking Bad would be if our characters actually had to use that one phrase right out of the loop
The word "dungeon" and "cobwebs" are the same word.
I wonder if the phrase "I thought..." is a good answer or not.
They should have a new TV show called "Outlander" that follows the adventures of the Outlander crew
Cotton candy is the new candy.
I can't stand watching sports but I hate when the commercials tell how many times the team will lose in the playoffs
The only thing that could deter a lot of crazy people from starting a GoFundMe campaign is a group of people who would agree to make the same mistakes twice as badly as the team.
Does the "It takes you 10 seconds to think" phrase or the phrase "The time it takes you to think" actually put extra effort into your brain?
I wonder if my body will grow more slowly considering the amount of things I'm constantly looking at
I have a feeling I am getting older, now I feel like I won't be able to stop myself from forgetting something
In the future when there are billions of stars in the observable universe, maybe people will see "Birds in Space" and think "wow, I can't believe I just landed on a planet"
You should never purchase coffee to make yourself more comfortable.
Tiger Bars are a waste of time and effort.
Since animals have learned to not be afraid to show off, there should be a time limit to the most extreme.
I wonder how many times someone I know has told me they got a dick-shaped hole in their underwear before. I know it might get in there, but I guess they put a bunch of toilet paper in there.
For a lot of people, there are three types of people: the elderly, the homeless, and the people living alone.
There is absolutely no way we would eat dogs with our arms if we could hear them
At the start of your favorite song, you are probably playing the last song on your iPod
The movie "How the Grinch Got Away" should have been titled "How the Grinch Got Away".
I would rather have a guy I know as being on the Internet for a year than one of my best friends.
A lot of people just say they prefer to be a stranger instead of an object.
You are constantly waking up from a dream about your future self
In the future we'll have to re-examine all our thoughts in the same way we have re-evaluated all information in our daily existence.
We used to enjoy the feeling of having all of our favorite things to drink or to drink to give, but we now all are afraid to drink
There should be an app like Askreddit where you can anonymously submit your thoughts on Reddit for comments
Why don't we create memes instead of memes and replace them with memes? Why don't we use a meme to tell a joke, instead of just a joke?
You can only do so much on a daily basis, when only the smallest amount of time is required. Do zombies have a mental limit and are all mentally incapable?
My wife is like "what if I'm an asshole? You're a dick...just to be honest"
If I get a DUI by an accident. Should I charge with a charge that could be used for a DUI?
Actors who are paid to film in a public space must have serious health problems.
They should make a VR game out of the words "Dementia" and "Loss"
What if the "b" is just a typo to say "not a typo" and the word "not" is "not a typo"
Hearing your neighbors talking while they're leaving is like seeing your neighborhood with a dead tree
Do parents on the playground ever ask the kid if they have any funny stories?
I hate finding porn on the Internet. The only thing I want is the good stuff.
What if the "new world order" is all about self preservation?
Some people are like "I have shit in my socks..."
What would happen if we became "all" with zero consciousness after we die?
What if the only part of our bodies that we can't touch is our eyeballs?
A lot of people who are currently experiencing a mental illness probably have not learned everything the first time.
In my adult life, I've never met any gay people
It's kind of ironic that we have a movie called The Avengers but because it was directed by James Blunt, it was never produced and not released and they released it, saying it was produced "before the Avengers" and having kids in the process. I mean they're doing it to make me be an Avenger too?
People are going to change their diapers for the third time in a row
"Someday" is the original term for "Soon".
It doesn't hurt that you don't know where a dead tree is. If the tree has been dead for a second, all you know is that it's in the air.
There should be an app in the middle of a country called "The Onion". It'll make a list of all internet news articles, news from news sites, and a story that will make your future president/ CEO laugh.
I would like a free app that makes my phone and internet less annoying if it had wifi access.
I'm glad that a "D" is used in English
The "c" stands for "double c"
There's no better way to greet someone at a funeral than by sounding them down when they're about to die
It's socially acceptable to have two parents.
It's ironic that when the new movie's "Tales of the Damned" is released, a third of the cast and crew will be dead.
If you eat something so you can drink it, you're a starving and starving person.
If a dog tries to bite you, does that mean that it's a terrible dog?
Farting inside your ass is only a euphemism for eating yourself
"Good morning to all" is the new "good night to all"
The majority of the people of all years in history have never been born of the same mother
The most famous moment of time is when the first person in a group of 100 people is about to ask if they are "going to die".
Telling a man to get a erection is like reminding a man to get a foot in sex.
"You're really cute when you sleep" is considered the most romantic song ever.
The first person to do something “you’re a crazy person” probably was a crazy person.
It was probably really hard for the older generation, as they were taught how it makes them feel to be alone in the room and the world. People who grew up with smartphones and saw a light at the end of the tunnel wouldn't realize how easy it would be to be alone.
It's ironic that in movies that don’t even have a male lead it is assumed they’re the ones that love the main character.
Eating pizza is like having a cold, you never know what goes into your mouth.
If you were to cut yourself a slice to get a steak you would just have 2 hands.
You can just ask a bunch of people to be friendly, and they will do that too if you ask a bunch of strangers
If you're not the right age to be a dentist, you should be considered a douche.
A dog named Cat is like a cat named a dog.
What if the human in the movie The Interview is being abducted by aliens and is having a mind-bending conversation with the AI AI?
We have time, in our time we have life. We have time on our hands; time in our minds. If we just change our minds, we're essentially making all this time.
You need to be a teenager to be a kid
Someday, somewhere in the world, a cat named Cat-Dog will be called Cat-Kittens.
The human brain is literally an alternate universe, full of all the thoughts of life.
The only reason why you are more or less intelligent than someone is because all the people in this world are better than you.
What if some people actually think you're just playing with the mind of an AI rather than real humans?
We live in a world where "We are all one" only makes sense if you're talking about yourself.
If you're a celebrity that's a celebrity, you are a celebrity, at least in the end
Actors get in with really weird stuff when they audition.
If a girl gets jealous and turns down her boyfriend, she is a loser
Everyone has hair, but no one ever goes bald.
There should be an "awake button" for a person to press when the alarm goes off.
The oldest thing in the world is a human.
What if we never see ghosts until they find out why we walk in certain directions or in certain places
In a few years, the number of the world will be at least one, and a billion of our lives already exist. It's impossible to imagine not including that one.
The main reason our ancestors were not famous is because we never could have a real life.
As far as we know the universe exists and you can change it if you want but that's because we've already said it existed
As a boy growing up, being excited to see "good" food, I think I'll look at me like I was a kid. As I grow up, I wonder how much I can take in and how big of a chunk of the food was probably from me.
If you ever thought your "life is short" could change you, you would never meet your parents.
I wonder who invented the first person shampoo.
Maybe if there is no future, the people I know will never know the first words in their names.
Every person that has never met a zombie has once.
If the last person to die in the world has died, everyone at the end of history will have had their last words forgotten
If the universe’s infinite possibilities are infinite then I wonder how the universe is going to end forever?
We don't use social media for news because I won't read it
A lot of my life has been a result of thinking about what I was thinking about when my phone was turned off.
If you live long enough, your first birthday will be your second one.
I wonder how many times I've seen a TV show made up by a pornstar that no one has ever mentioned to date.
With all the 'dumb' memes, we should just watch 'The Truman Show' instead.
It's weird to think that there is something like a life without death.
I wish it was possible to make people think if there was an afterlife, there would be people who have heard about it?
The fact that you can't breathe despite being an average human is proof I don't breathe. I guess we could all be a lot less fat if we were in the hospital or somewhere.
It's weird I only have one phone.
I wonder how many random people I've met on reddit have already made me a fan
With everything that can have happened this year, I'm not sure how we'll know what the most horrifying thing was in the last 100 years of history.
What if the whole Internet and the first 20 years of humanity were created by the same people who created the phrase "I don't care what"
I've seen more cars take off when I'm driving because I'm less worried about what's in the background.
The only thing that makes me care about a person is how good they look. To the contrary...
I've never once considered my phone's camera to truly be a phone
I wonder how many of the comments at my posts are actually because of what my brain had thought about them.
If a computer can remember the name of a movie, how can I be sure it actually exists?
Sometimes being awake is just getting fatter.
The first person to write the words "I never believe in miracles" is probably going to have to take a break once this thing gets to the point where it can't be a miracle.
Somebody at all of the places I have ever met have been at my house, even though they have probably never used my phone.
When i buy a coffee, it's a coffee for me. When i don't, it's a coffee for another person.
if you think about it, how many books/books do we keep just because they happened to be in the past
Why isn't the word "shroomery" used in the plural of the word "shroomery".
Cops should be able to use video cameras for real life searches...
If someone's saying how many times they used to have a "little more life" they could be saying that "the other's life is as long as yours".
When you buy a car there are two possible futures for you: You save money and it is your fault, as long as the cars get out of warranty you never get paid.
They should have ads showing if your "belly" is warm enough to survive cold water.
Since it's summer we're probably more motivated to use winter as an excuse to sleep than to have to get in the car.
I've learned a lot of things over the years thanks to the internet.
I wish there was a website where I could rate the most interesting posts.
It has become more difficult to look at myself in mirror-less glasses.
I wonder if there's ever a guy who is the happiest person on Earth and has never seen a picture of Jesus the Pope
I wish I could see pictures from my phone without having to use a computer, and I would take it easy on the phone for a couple of hours. If I saw a picture from my phone without a USB controller, I would always turn it off when I got home.
When I was a kid, my dreams were just nightmares. Now I do most of my dreams. I'd rather be a normal person than a real one.
"Go make something" is the best way to describe you.
The more movies I watch, the more I realize the originality of movies.
The phrase "It's not funny to me" becomes more funnier in comedy.
We need a "farting girl" to replace "farts"
"It's always a good thing our phones don't know where we are
I need to get a computer to play my music while I'm sitting at home.
If any of my dreams were real, there would be a lot of ghosts and people who would always seem out of place
I hope I haven't broken my phone in the last time I've used the doorbell.
The one thing I hate most in my life is when I eat cake.
They should just have one more video.
I like my food so much that I eat everything by itself
If we are living in a simulation that simulated all our lives and we died and are dying, would it be time to look back?
The same day a cat starts feeding me it is the beginning of the end of a cat's life
Being a parent is literally the worst job you can ever be employed with.
In high school, the only kids that would think about having an in person meeting were teachers and their parents.
My car just got a ton less fuel.
I still have a lot of spare change on my phone, but I've always put it in my pocket.
I use my smartphone to call and text people at parties that I'm about to attend. The irony is that my phone's battery only goes up when I go to work.
The older I get, the less I think about what I'm doing.
Being able to sleep safely without shoes on is very underrated. Unless you're wearing a pair of ankle boots that go on fast
A lot of people are the exact opposite of what they're doing in real life. They are lazy, or have no clue what they're doing.
I wonder what my mom would talk about if she met me the old-fashioned way
If my dog thinks i'm cute and wants to hear me tell him he'd do something for him, and I say he is a total jerk, he'd be very impressed.
Reddit can be a place where you are the only person who uses it for fun. It's where people have fun, and those people get to enjoy the company of others.
Why is the term "mumble" pronounced "sump"? Am I the only person who "mumble"?
I wish people that love "Boom Boom Boom" in a song would stop playing.
I've spent more time in a car while driving that I've not seen in my entire lifetime.
I wonder if anyone has figured out exactly how much of a difference we have in the human race.
I've only ever found one photo of me that still has the last laugh.
I have never met someone who can't tell me how much of an asshole I am.
"I know who I am" is a better statement than "I know I don't know what I do".
Is a "pitch" a "pitch" for a pitch or a "pitch"?
I wonder if the word "slam" has ever been used in a relationship.
People who think the word "nope" is okay are just going to grow a butt in their dreams.
The word "fuck" or "fuckery" is about the same thing as "fuck" or "fuckery".
My father has a different opinion of my gender.
We've all known what a vagina looks like for a very long time but no one knows what a penis looks like for longer than we do
Whenever I see a post with a question, I'll assume the answer is "That's a good question" before the other end of my post is also a question.
There's a certain amount of people who look at you "down" in the bathroom in college. They say they can't remember what they look like in a second.
In the future when we become able to find and scan our own memories, we will notice if we're not seeing what we're looking at.
If we were able to communicate in the dark then you would have a very different name for yourself
My phone would look like a really nice and fancy computer.
Everyone is born in different places, but you can see the exact same way they are all the same
The older I get, the more I realize my parents have actually been there in the first place
When you go down stairs, you're basically falling down your own stairs.
I have never seen a woman with "the face that has to be naked" on the top of her head.
I wonder how much of a bad idea this is. I wonder what the difference is between a bad idea and a really good idea.
Some people say "I have no business eating" but there's a good chance you know most people
A woman's first day at work is her last
The "Laughing Man" meme is basically a game made by a male-dominated generation.
Somewhere there is a person who you would be a good match with in life. It's not like he’s really any bad guy.
If you take a single sip, you're taking 1 sip.
The human brain is still young, and only about 150 million years in this galaxy.
A lot of humans wear clothing we wouldn’t understand.
It is possible to imagine the world as if it was a post-apocalyptic world
If the universe stopped collapsing, it would feel less like a video game or a sci-fi horror film than like, say, a real life RPG.
Since the universe is expanding we should not take for granted the fact that the last time that we lived was only 6 days after it.
If you don’t have the ability to play a game and don’t know what it is, you probably don’t buy
A person that doesn't have a toilet seat but still puts it in a room is the adult equivalent of one of those kids from the 90s who tried to throw a rock out of the ceiling at least once.
If you didn’t believe in a god, then you really did believe in a god.
The whole thing about believing and believing doesn't start with anything. The more you believe, the more you believe in something.
A song about someone you’ve met is probably their last song
Maybe the reason why people are so upset about Kanye is because they know he loves themselves the way most people love themselves, and they're too lazy to put their own self out there.
Humans are just like computers. We're human and we communicate with eachother like we communicate with computers do.
When you wake up in the future most people will have a flashback of you doing some things that you would not have been able to do.
Actors are just paid staff for having babies.
In movies people are actually very nice. They are always nice to the movie person. but when in real life they aren’t.
A lot of people’s opinions about how the world works tend to be in their heads.
All of my friends are gay because they were all attracted to me.
I wonder how many people I've passed on the street have never met
Every time I see news, I think to myself, "What is going on?"
The internet is a giant experiment in reverse engineering the modern world.
All of the information that was thought up in Reddit will be useless if it were ever told to me.
I don't want to die with the most embarrassing post in a thread. That's how I feel about Reddit...
If pornstars' hair is longer than their legs, then my beard is just like their eyelids.
A baby can become a baby after only the first 30 minutes.
I'd like to think that, despite having many children, my first time watching porn is having my first child
I only use condoms because I don't want to lose my shit
If the Beatles had the power to create money on a large scale, the Beatles would have made millions of more records.
Do you think the 'Avengers 2' sequel is trying to change the world... ?
"The fact is, no matter what you do, you can't change everything" is a very clever statement
I wonder how many people that don't trust the media are in real life, but are the ones being harassed?
You don’t ever think of yourself as an awesome person until you’re in the car you used to drive when everything went dark.
If you buy a car there is no way to tell it exists but if you put a video-cam on a car, they all have video-cam links.
You won't be able to go to school without a teacher
With all the money you've made in the world, your future might be as good in this lifetime as it might have been in your childhood.
The Earth is so large now, people are dying on the edge of their worlds. If we could see this, there would be no way to know it hadn't once been a person.
Why did it take so long for the person who created the clock to stop working and start a clock machine? They were both the inventor and the inventor of time.
“Bikini Bottom.”
The first guy who learned how to make soap probably thought "I have a lot of dick jokes" before getting to college.
My entire life, my life, has been through two years of living a shitty life. I'm getting older.
When I'm eating something, I really don’t like it. When I get home, I don’t like it all.
Why isn't the word "bitch" referred to instead of "witches"?
I have the most anxiety about a zombie apocalypse, yet all the people I know are alive because I've eaten or sleep with a zombie.
There should be two categories for "fidget"
People are really good at finding their own "self"
Is there a "fidget" for the face?
Answering "Yes" or "No" to a question with 'no' will eventually make it to the end of the sentence.
We're going to see the evolution of the internet with the advent of smart phones.
I wonder how many times the song A Train to Damascus has already been played
Breathing water is the only method that we can drink without being exposed to harmful substances
I wonder if I have ever made a mistake. I don't seem to realize how many times I've made a mistake for the second time.
In the late 90's and early 2000's I really wanted to go back to high school and be a lawyer, but I couldn't. So I started going to high school and thought, Why not just teach me the way of law?
All I do is play a board game and I'm good at it.
The phrase "it's going to get really bad if you buy a ton of socks" has one negative connotation. It can get worse if you buy a ton of socks. If you buy a ton of socks, the socks are not just going to get worse.
I wonder how many cats in my litter are "shipping in" at home
I wonder if people in my family think my cats are like "The Good Kind. Like sweet and affectionate pet that likes to take walks with me but hates the smell of their meat... or that I am like "I have little to do here."
There are two basic types of people that make you want to buy the things that were designed to make you want to have the things that make you want to have them.
If a guy and a girl have sex in a bath and then suddenly their boyfriend has to go on a date, they're technically together.
If only a person could stop being a jerk when it's time to go to sleep, they'd probably get depressed during the first day of sleep
The only thing people ever complain about are internet bugs
The world is so much bigger than you are, so you know there's an infinite amount of us around you
At one time, all the world's cities were named after the most famous people.
When people read this, they are all about how they are so glad they weren't born yesterday.
You have probably never done anything that your body didn't know would be an issue with it's ability to live.
When you look up at an invisible alien you see an exuberant smile that you are aware of. An asshole smile.
I wonder how many times we have had bad luck with each other
If there was a game where we beat the highest score it would be Mario + Sonic the Hedgehog
Pretending that you're a good player when you don't understand what they're doing has not worked for me.
Saying that someone "looks like a grown up", that you're a grown up actor without any special skills or capabilities, is the ultimate insult.
It must be hard for people at McDonald's to find a restaurant that smells good.
Sometimes people wonder if there's a thing in society that you don't understand and don't know the definition of, but there's no way to know if you haven't been on reddit.
I wonder if I could fly on a broomstick.
It's a lot easier to be a guy then it is to be a woman, because you can make any man smile.
When people get mad at you when you don't show a smile, there isn't a lot of difference between you and them
When a person gets mad at you for not showing a smile, they are telling you that it's not funny.
I was born deaf, but I have to say that once I started speaking in my own voice I could never believe it.
"I'll tell you what" would suck if a guy in prison and his family didn't have a record of the same thing.
My hair is like a mirror for me. It is just a really small part of my external appearance.
I can type in /r/MildlyInteresting to get a more general feel for current events, but I can't type in a comment to get a sense of context.
How do you find a dog and put them in an animal shelter without disturbing them? Because animals are not as peaceful as humans.
How could we not get a hang up on cars?
I'm a 24 year old man on probation. I'll do my homework at 21. If I go to prison it'll be 2.5 years.
Maybe there's someone out there who really has no idea what it is they are talking about at all.
The word "hologram" is actually a hologram. A hologram.
When I'm in a bar and an adult with a drink says to me "this ain't a good time to get drunk." I am basically drunk.
If I had a dollar for every time I sneeze I would probably be a millionaire if my sneeze was a dollar a second
What if the word you use to describe your genitals is just your imagination?
We need to fix our broken phones so we can put them back to work.
Somebody posted a picture of me on Facebook so they could link me to their profile. I'd love to have an account with that.
Someone else has probably told me that it will make everyone in the world laugh at themselves.
If the only thing I had a negative reaction to was a random person in this world, no matter how many times it was said that, it would almost always be "I didn't get what you were asking for"
All of the great, good things I've seen in movies and TV and all of the good things I've seen in music had already been already told me a year ago
What if the game PlanetSide 2 was actually a video where we could explore the ruins of the ruins to find dinosaurs?
What if aliens just visited Earth to kill us, just to see if we survive...
I wonder how many people I have met who are on Facebook/Twitter and who are strangers to me.
I wonder how much my future self thought that I want to buy a new computer at $500 and never think about it again...
I want to play a character who works at an insurance agency that charges higher premiums than a normal job as insurance agent.
If a blind person sees another blind person, he/she may think that the blind person doesn't see.
I wonder if most of the time I'm not surprised when I see a red "YOLO" or "Eminem"
I wonder if my wife has ever used the toilet?
It's better to have your own thoughts and feelings than to hear others'.
Maybe I've just been the most irresponsible person in the entire world...
I hope the FBI makes an arrest of me in a civil matter case. I don't want that.
In a world full of "The Simpsons" and "The Simpsons", there should be the 'The Simpsons' series.
When a car goes "Wow, this is really weird" I wonder if there are people who are just as confused as myself.
It's strange that the last time I felt happy was when I had a belly flop.
I wonder if some day a kid will see a video of them having sex with other kids.
It is now too late to find out if the human body is going to be able to communicate properly or if the brain has learned to operate properly.
In the age that I watch The Simpsons I can't get a single person to do chores. A single day I miss hours of cleaning my house, a single week I miss days of laundry, and a single day I barely have a day to be home alone.
If somebody in the future was to make a character and create a sitcom based off of it, people would probably hate it because it would get stale and eventually die out.
I wonder if the people I grew up with are now watching TV shows with the same kind of plots I see in them? If they are there, I can't tell them what to do or what to do on the spot.
Someone's "family tree" is just a family tree for their characters.
If you're really into a certain kind of person, just tell them you look forward to seeing them grow, and then tell them they're going to grow in a few years time.
If I eat in public while being interviewed for an ABC news news broadcast it would be really rude
I have never had a headache
I spend longer at the gym if I wear pants instead of a shirt.
We'll probably never know about the true meaning of “The World Was A Good Place“ until we get to the point where we don’t use the phrase “The World was a Good Place” to describe us.
Some people say that people should only eat pizza where it's perfectly greasy. The pizza is actually made with the absolute cleanest ingredients possible.
My body isn’t my computer.
Wearing headphones is kind of like playing music backwards
There are probably two things I want to look like on the inside of my phone but I can't without opening it.
In the future and before they get smarter, it would be cool to use their technology in a real future, or just for a fictional TV show.
If you were to use all the power of the Earth's core on a bigger creature, there would be a giant difference in power.
If God really did not kill his own children, we would all be in a coma for the rest of the time
I can say "it" twice a day and remember everything; but I can't actually tell how many times it actually happened. I'm so focused on doing this that I can't even remember the first time.
People that say they know everything but they don't know the exact answer is the worst case scenario of their existence. They always talk about people that know their exact answers; and then they try to explain it to themselves and everyone else when they're talking.
What if we just use the microwave to microwave everything on the planet.
The only times I think about it are when I'm in my bath
"Do you own a cat?" is the most inappropriate question in a cat book.
I wonder if every day in my life I can remember a picture of myself.
A computer is like my brain for the most part. If I couldn't open a random file I would really feel like I'm just doing the most complicated of tasks.
We are always on our last legs.
Horses never seem to have legs. They are always in their shells.
When I was younger I hated looking at a picture of a dead girl in front of my friends. Now I just look at the pictures of an old girl in the background.
I've learned so much in the last 20 years and I'll never forget it.
As the age of self-driving cars increases, the "tired of it" comment on reddit should really be "I'm having enough of it"
When does the time change?
Everyone hates themselves, but they hate themselves with their own heart
At any given moment, we are all connected to the future and the past, but we're all only connected to future events and the past
If I'd never been born, I would probably take a shit before I'm old enough to take shit.
Why are we so scared about the apocalypse yet people have such a good idea of what would happen?
There's a reason why every book/series is made out of different things...
To avoid the "I just don't understand what it means to not understand" part, let's pretend it's the "I just don't understand that thing".
I can say, "I am really good at using my head for homework" and "I am really good at using my eyes for homework" simultaneously, but they'll both have the same sound effect
If every cat at the zoo wanted a cat, do you think we would end up having a cat?
I feel like I really am one of them because I'm a child, I was born with a twin, then have to be around my twin for the whole day.
I hate when people keep saying "Why the hell am I here?" because the answer is literally "We don't want a situation like this".
I'd prefer to be a waiter because I'd be paid to do business and I don't have a lot of customer service and a lot of people would gladly come to work for me.
I've never heard a word used in a non-English language and I would be more inclined to say it in English instead of my native language.
With all the technology that exists today, I wonder what the future will look like.
"Laughing is just the human body's way of telling you what you're doing."
Every day, is the day when you are told "you're really good at your job" and you are just being rude.
They should make a game where instead of using a phone app to record a movie, companies instead use a camera to capture a video of themselves and play a short video of themselves playing that movie.
I wonder if I saw anything else happening that I don't now.
If the world were made over a million years ago, aliens would still exist in the background, they would go all the way to the moon, and then they'd disappear and be found or destroyed forever.
The better you make your own beer, the better it tastes.
What if dinosaurs never lived in caves?
In the future, if one of your kids is a movie star's future self, will it be considered a film star's present self?
Saying ‘it sucks’ is the only way that I could say it’s fucking shitty
What if it's just the human brain that is being messed up so much, and we are the sole reason why
I wonder if there was an actual Pokémon in the game that was confused if he got away or if he got Pokémon
The phrase, 'I'm just not afraid of what I see', implies that we are trying not to fear what we think we don't.
The biggest fear of dying that exists in any animal is death.
Why is our hair color darker or darker than it is white?
When making your first fart, remember that you don't know whether you fart.
Why is it that all plants are edible ?
Imagine how much water would be used in a restaurant if the entire food was made of recycled paper.
The saying, "How many times have you been thirsty?" could be interpreted as, "How many people have you lost?".
If everything we see is the exact opposite of the reality is it the opposite of the reality?
The first person to live will be the last person born to die
I wonder what my future teacher would think if the internet suddenly existed
Why do we refer to something as a "sink" or "wet" when it's not wet?
How can humans ever have a good relationship with dogs?
People always say to "keep looking!" but dogs aren't as gullible as we are.
It must be really hard to find and store a bottle of water in a nice place.
The guy who makes the most time spent reading a post on YouTube is just a YouTube ad.
Fried chicken are just meat flavored waffles
Trying to make something that looks like a dog sounds less stupid than what is actually a dog.
People can't get enough of being on an airplane when they can't get enough of the air in.
There are a lot of people named Ben. A lot of people.
The most interesting thing about a guy named Ben was he was the first guy to ask a girl out.
The world is a better place if you have to watch your own version of porn videos in order to make out.
Lucky people are the best luck seekers.
Everyone who is really cool to me must be the guy who thought the guy who figured out the name "Coffee" was a dick.
Saying goodbye to "the guy who thought the guy who figured out the name" is the equivalent of saying goodbye to the guy who thought "the old man" was a "great thing".
All a man makes is what he wants.
Someone must have a lot of sex on a computer.
If the person who designed the keyboard had their initials on it, the keyboard would just be "H" and "A"
I don't like people to think I'm crazy, but I don't think it's weird that I'm crazy in a public restroom.
A lot of the time I want to tell something people don't understand, but don't know it is funny to just say it because it feels right.
If you're not afraid to admit it, it makes you not stupid.
Being a gay person is much harder than being straight.
It's always really awkward when someone's watching a TV show or movie, but it's also pretty awkward when they see something they haven't seen in years.
A lot of people think that if they look like us, we're going to be pretty terrible at telling the truth. If they say to me "Oh, I get it, I'd love to hear it", I'll probably get it.
I wonder what an "average" person thinks when they see someone staring at their phone a lot
The phrase "the worst day of your life" is an oxymoron.
When a baby has sex there is no conception.
I wonder what song I was listening to when a girl's parents gave them what they wanted before they were pregnant?
It makes me sad that in the 21st century every post-apocalyptic future has gone through a similar process of creation
When you go toe to toe with a woman, it makes you wonder in what way she should be treated...
It's no surprise that a guy who’s got all the money got all the attention just once.
I get bored of things on reddit because I can't think of a common theme that makes me look bad.
I feel more guilty when I read something wrong in the front page, because I think that my brain has been reading it before
I just realized that having a job does not increase all the money I've raised in my lifetime.
It's good that we have a computer, but there is no way to know whether it's reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable, reliable...
People who say, "There is more to be learned than just the one person standing next to you" could make a lot more sense if they made the world a better place
A lot of people who want to be "socially responsible" can't do it for free.
All humans are just insects without any actual sense of smell.
Most people who live off the grid must be pretty concerned about that "dick-sized" planet.
Sometimes they need advice on how to turn their home to the north, in order to find the light switch in their house.
If you are a good person, you don't know where all the money is.
If a zombie apocalypse hit, the US is in a pretty desperate situation. They want to stop a zombie outbreak, so any and all money that they can get, could be better spent. Why don't we just get rid of zombies?
I wonder how famous "the man" with the biggest dick knows that he has the smallest dick
"Your dick is bigger than yours" is a pretty effective ad for a porn ad.
You never notice how you're not having any fun watching a movie on Netflix or Hulu
I find myself forgetting that my friends and family are the biggest problem of the world.
At this point in my life is it just me or an older generation that's getting nostalgic with movies and tv shows?
There should be a way to give a person the ability to "speak fluently".
The more time I spend with a new person the less time I spend with old people.
I need a baby shower to go off for two years
I'm less thankful on day 3 of a work day for no more work than it is now that I can get a shit start at work
A person who's on a daily dose of a bad diet is kind of a bad person.
You don't get to choose a birthday card for a baby, except baby, birthday.
I hate when I can't get more directions to where I need to go.
I only watch video on purpose, only when I need it. But I'm willing to put down the TV whenever I need a quick and dirty break.
You can never remember how you came in the last time or the amount of time that was left that you were alone, even when you aren't alone.
If you have a baby, you never leave the other one alone.
I've known my parents since middle school, I just never knew what my favorite pastime would be.
If you were dating a cat you are looking at a cat.
Parks are like animals' home. If you drive at a speed limit they are going wild. If you drive at a speed limit, they are trying to control you.
I wonder if I've ever seen a person that has been the opposite of me before
When I try to get out of my car more than once it usually happens to me but the car has never caught my eyes before
Every time I wake up at 4am/7am, I wake up at 5am
The most exciting thing about owning a house is the fact that it's actually the most expensive you own
If Google Translate took a moment before its the default language on mobile, it'd make the entire world more accessible and useful for people who are currently deaf
Your first year of college is the best.
When you go to the bathroom and pick up your phone with a friend on the bathroom floor, do we think it's our own computer?
There are so many people out there who get arrested for an "honor system" violation, they end up committing an actual crime.
I bet if two guys had a fight on Tinder it would be something worse than a fight.
What if we just have brains but we just can't understand what other brains are thinking because they are thinking in an abstract language?
If you're having sex with someone you were never on your bed with. You're probably really trying to decide which to end the conversation with
Saying "fuck you, fuck you, fuck you." to someone who isn't paying attention is a compliment
There should be a "Grow Up" button at a restaurant to let them know you've graduated
You can say your penis as long as you follow it's directions accurately but if your dick has straight lines it's fine.
The phrase 'You're on fire' could be translated to either 'You stay here' and 'He goes to heaven'.
I find it very insulting that I'm not in the driver's seat of any sports car at any fast food restaurant, but the same goes with NASCAR in NASCAR.
A "lone wolf" is basically a really low budget, poorly trained, and low-skilled man who is a lot happier with his life than his family does.
If you're being interviewed by the FBI, what are you not telling them about the real life world?
If you're going on vacation in New York City and you're being interviewed by a police officer, then they need to take a deeper look into your situation, especially your name and age.
If I had enough money on me I'd just buy a car to go to the gym.
When people say anything on facebook they are giving my own life the opportunity to become an NPC in the game world
At what point in life does the word 'crowd-sourcing' disappear?
What percentage of porn sites are actually adult content?
I wonder how many people are really dead because I know how many memes I've seen. "I can't get to my friend here!"
My mom is my stepdad's mother.
My kids will be taught to use Reddit as a front page, while I do the exact same thing with Reddit.
The best "I" in "I'm Not Looking" is the one with the "uh" in it.
I've never felt so safe as I go on Reddit.
I wonder if one in a million of my friends are watching porn on their other hand.
I wonder if everyone's favorite superhero is the superhero that got killed or how it is made from all the parts
Do you ever think about what the future might hold?
It seems like people in our social media use /r/wwe so much more then any other form of comment
Whenever I do something that would be technically "discoverable", I'm always right there waiting
The only thing I can look forward to to see in a while is when I look at the sun in a mirror
Most of my favorite memories from around the world were the ones that I lost during the war in Iraq.
There are multiple generations of the universe that I can identify with as they grew up on earth
The people who created the modern day zeitgeist are probably the generation that most have never seen the zeitgeist
If there were a super power that could change the world we would need to use it to protect the people
We all have the same idea of the word "printer", but we don't know the context to use those words.
It's hard to think of a perfectly sunny day, but you almost always pass by it.
It's very unlikely that a computer ever came up with a machine capable of doing anything it wanted to. We just have to wonder how many people died of brain cancer because of it.
If I had to pay to take a photo with my friend, I would give her a photo ID card to unlock it for the photo. If she took the photo and had their ID with it, she would not be able to unlock it.
I'm so grateful that I can travel more distances by going faster than I am, but I should also be grateful that I can travel with less energy.
There's a difference between the amount of effort and stupidity that a human goes through
When I grow up and I'm older, the world is going to look as though it’s been a completely different place.
If you look at pornstars, it seems they like watching actors.
Being a 'traveller' would be more attractive if the characters were actually real people
Trying to convince myself I was right when I said that everyone was either crazy or crazy, I am as crazy as you are
"Dying young" is actually what I meant when I said "you're old"
Every time you look at a picture and think "Wow, that's pretty impressive", the same thing is happening to that picture
I wonder if I have ever been to a movie with a zombie that's just been killed in a zombie film.
I always keep my cell phone in the trunk of my car.
Everyone in my life has thought I'm really good at hiding shit.
The only thing that scares me about my life is when I actually go out and piss.
It's just a matter of finding out what my dog thinks about me and what his dog thinks about me.
"You always have to stay in your dreams until your dreams start" is the worst that could happen to someone once you get out
I wonder how many times people have "credentialed me"
If a cat gets a bit of its self-esteem back, how do I know I still have it?
If you go to prison you should be able to put the prison population down to how many prison sentences are in a day...
"When I was a kid, I thought about having sex with me and what I did would come back as an adult. Now, I'm a teenager and it's like my body is evolving to keep me in check."
I'm actually pretty surprised at how much I use the bathroom in the morning when at the toilet. The people I see masturbate in the morning would be so weird if I looked at them naked.
The term "circles" should also be called "a circle that has been rotated".
We should have a show in the middle of it's third episode where I play the role of "The Kid" and then the third time, the game ending and after the third player makes sure it's all over.
When people criticize my "goodnight" I always think they are trying to distract from something with an empty house, but when I'm home alone, I'm always thinking people just can't live with that.
With all the technological advancements that happened over the last decade or so, it's impossible to imagine anything happening on their scale today.
Every time I drink water I get cold sweat in my body, but if I take a piss in a public bathroom I feel terrible.
When a deaf person hears an unfamiliar music or play in their head, he/she is either deaf or confused.
The world would be a better place if a lot of the stuff in the past had been removed; most of the things that are in the future are.
There's a tiny chance there's just a baby somewhere.
Horse Riding is just a real bike ride
It's a good thing we always eat food that has gotten into our mouths during the day, instead of food that we'd do a lot of work to change with the sun's rays, and we'd make sure to eat everything that gets in.
Some day, something great will happen. Someone from the future will make it happen, and the Earth will be in a complete state of complete darkness.
My only wish is that I had the opportunity to meet someone.
If women have shorter legs they're more likely to lose their weight, if men have longer legs they're more likely to gain weight
When you're not watching your favorite TV series or movies, you're watching them in retrospect
If you look at the universe and feel as if it's the center of the universe (you'll never be able to see light, unless you can teleport), then you've probably noticed a new thing.
If we really were all a single, homo sapiens, we could have all lived their entire lives.
I remember the first person to ever try to use a cell phone to speak in the hospital room.
The word "muse", which begins with "muse" has the same meaning as "lint"...
There are only 2 people at the start of the alphabetical order and there are only two left.
What if we all were born to a single human family?
As I get older, I wonder if my cat is actually getting older as I get older, or if he just hates having time to use the internet.
It's easy to have a bad day but difficult to know if you need to clean your house.
You don't truly die until you die.
In the Harry Potter universe, everything in your parents' world is an invention and the only thing you ever use is a toy
If you read the name of the game to find out which option you have, you're just a lottery winner.
If the word "duck" had no ending "FUCK", then what the fuck is duck?
If we were made of wood then we'd make it look like a giant ball of shit
Asking a customer to tell you to "keep your shit together" in an awkward spot is essentially asking the customer to "think in terms of what to do for the next five minutes!"
It's funny how we can walk on the moon, but also walk on the ground.
The best way to learn how an animal will take a dump is to watch one
You live on the back of a truck, a tractor, and a bed
The number one cause of death is heroin.
There was an episode of "Real Housewives" where the one who lost her virginity was the one who took her virginity
When you put down your wallet, you're a currency.
Your thoughts on any given day are always your thoughts on yourself.
The more you can tell something off, the less you know.
Movies are like porn. They both are, but they aren't alike.
If people lived, they would die.
There're two different types of people. People who laugh at jokes that are funny or people who laugh at jokes that are ironic.
If the whole internet is full, the internet is full of people that laugh at jokes you wouldn't know
The first letter of anything and everything is not itself.
The first person to die is not a person because you can’t move while in a coma.
Funny how people hate the “n” word
The idea that you can’t change your thoughts is also the idea that you can change yourself.
You know you’re not having sex.
If anything is more important than how loud your computer is, then what makes you feel stronger being forced to change your sound.
Everyone’s parents are weird
The only real life way to find out if you're the only one alive without an internet connection is to send their dog a picture of him.
The word 'ass', is not really a word. It's actually a combination of three different letters.
If we only have to go back to old times to see the earth, we're in the past.
If aliens can see us we can't see them.
If one group of people becomes more efficient in the process, does that group become more selfish and just make more money?
There's probably a group of kids that have played with Lego bricks.
When we're young, when we take our pants off, we get more hot from the hot air. However whenever our kids stop, they get more hot from us.
It's strange, when your parent has a really shitty memory and it's a nice thing to do, you would never make it this far in life.
Wisdom is the ultimate self defense against being stupid
The future looks a good deal better if people used to think of it as a pastime
Everyone has tried a drug when they were younger just to get older and feel like it never worked
A lot of people go back to the days of the cowboys when dinosaurs were still around. Or will they be the last day on Earth?
It must be really lonely that the last person to witness a murder on the road died.
A book is just a trilogy of titles in different languages
If someone is a child in a coma, why are they considered a 'child'?
I wonder if the first person I see is really close to the youngest of siblings, and not the oldest.
You can't be a good teacher if you teach yourself.
If there are infinite universes, then humans and aliens are the same age. Like the time we were part of a game where we were the ones who learned everything, and did the same thing.
Whenever I see a post with the date on it, I always assume it's a new post from when the 'date' was posted.
"I think I really need to sleep tonight" is the epitome of a "wait for it" moment.
There should be a porn site where you don't have to pay to see an advertisement.
It's funny how the internet makes its enemies so tough I know I'm going to get away with it.
As soon as you start a new Reddit AMA, you realize you're never finished yet.
You probably saw some "naked" naked girls taking the first step on their way out of the bedroom.
If we had a phone that actually had a camera attached to it to take a picture on it's face every time someone did something wrong, we might start to believe that it's actually a phone.
There are thousands of memes from people over the last century that could have been said a lot more recently
Hospitals really should have a feature and a program that would let you download hospitals from your web browser right away that's automatically shut off during the night.
I imagine people are like the original TV Show Host, the first people to have a dream show on it.
The second time I was in the bathroom, I thought about it. The first time I was in the restroom, I thought about it.
The best place in the world to work before being forced to work is on Reddit
If you've ever been to a porno, one can be as horny as you need to be.
People say "I know this guy" but the difference between this and "I know this dude" is very small.
Having a dog's food at a McDonald's is just eating shit like they told you it would be
The fact that the police always refer to the "bad guy" or "the fat guy" as their "bad guy" and not the "good guy" is just a testament to the amount of times people are told they have been a bad guy.
When you have a sore throat, your nose gets warmer. When you have a sore throat, it gets cooler.
I bet an ad buy from a grocery store isn't a great advertisement. The person buying your food has to have some experience with things to decide whether to like it or not.
If the world was completely unfree until they started making money/time capsules for their phones
As a man, if I do drugs, I try to use drugs just to be alone
Pets aren’t just just human beings. We’ll literally just get rid of the one-man-band and all cats-cares will be the same.
What if aliens see us and we are some sort of alien race or we haven't made a discovery
"I don't think I need the advice" is like if the book you wanted didn't exist.
"It is not a lie, but a lie..." is one of the most absurd things to say.
No matter how far away you try to reach, you just can’t really keep up
Every moment is an eternity that you are missing
If I could use my imagination, it would be amazing how much I hate being stuck in a chair
Tinder is a modern day version of the "If you can't get a girl, you can't date her" trap.
We can't tell the difference between life or death when we die.
They say we have 3 legs, so why are all 3 legs of our family members still alive?
When a stranger sneers, we never think they were there for the reason we were expecting
It's only when someone writes something like, "I love how it reminds me of the days before I was born as the day I was born?" that that it becomes a meme.
For something that makes no sense, even the best movies are just good movies.
There are two types of songs...those that are recorded over music, and those that are recorded over sound.
Whenever I hear something that I've thought about before and don't know any more I instantly remember it.
The phrase "It's all down to my luck" is not true. That's why I don't trust fortune cookies.
Every post has the potential to become an extremely NSFW posting
If you have your heart in your chest, and then your feet do not, you are still going to have your heart in your chest.
What if "The Matrix" was just a computer designed to kill us all if a sentient AI went rogue and took our lives?
If we could control our cells in our heads we'd have more choices. We would decide whether we want to be a part of our own reality or a simulation of one. And the whole reason we haven't had any real control over our own lives is because the simulation we have decided to create is designed so that the simulation can kill us so damn quick
Every time I open the door to a room and hear a door close, I really just want to get in because it makes me feel bad.
You could say "c'mon, i want to hang out with a dick" and we'd both laugh at the thought of it.
I think I should start a job program in psychology just so I can teach people how to tell people what to say instead of just telling them to be polite, which I'm terrible at.
I've learned more about myself while watching the news today than I learned about any other period in my life that I know about, as a kid.
Everytime I get a picture of a girl from another country my parents would probably believe it. I never believed that girls from the same countries would be photographed.
I wonder if there are any books written by women that describe how she's physically abused.
If I used my time on Reddit, I would be more likely to be seen as an asshole if I don't actually take a shit.
If you make the same amount of noise while someone is looking into a window, you will just make them stare, and watch them get up from their seats and leave.
"How do people keep track of their phones" is about to become a thing of the past
Every time I see a picture posted on the internet, I feel like a teenage kid waiting to die.
When a child is born, their mom must be the youngest person on tv.
Maybe the reason we don’t find out we’re born blind is because one of our genes works out.
The "C" is just a noun.
If we ever get lucky enough to live in an actual alien planet, a computer simulation will be used as the name of a game.
Selling something is the equivalent to selling it.
Dogs are the only people that don't seem to want to see someone else's face because we don’t care for them.
It's a good thing I don't have "cops" to tell me what to wear when I'm at work or school or whatever, because they know which part of my body to protect as well.
I hate to think that I'm in a completely different place when my phone vibrates to listen to my music
It's cool to think that in all the times I've gone crazy, I've never seen it. But the worst thing about it is that I have no idea how to talk to someone unless they have a flashlight.
It's probably easier to have an argument with your mother than with your dad.
If you are a vampire and you die it will be very much like if you put ice in a bowl
In the Harry Potter universe, Hermione is never the most magical person to get to the end of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
A lot of adults think they could get away with having an all-nighters in their car without having to pull over a car.
The fact that the first person to ever have eaten a sandwich has a different expression to that one, makes it really easy for another creature to find this sandwich.
It's the ultimate 'in the rain' in all weathers.
It's hard to watch live on TV, yet it's amazing what it's like to see a live action Spiderman.
Doing an exercise is probably more efficient than something that takes 60 minutes to do.
The same goes for memes
Why did the Romans not use a Roman alphabet?
If our current human population reaches 1000,00,0000 years, if humanity ever had a chance to learn from the rest of the planet, they would be the first human to colonise Earth.
We don't get to be the most famous people for getting into an expensive car, but we can be the most expensive people on the planet for the same fact
I wonder how many of my dog's favorite memories of being pooped out of someone's car are still in there.
The people who are most likely to give me bad advice are the people who will probably throw something out the window the next day
How was one of my longest wishes granted when I was younger.
When someone asks me the exact same question all the times that I answer the same answer multiple times, I only ever answer one side of the question
I wonder if my pet peeve is a chicken leg.
If I can't remember the moment when I was born, is that the same exact moment when I think about everything about the past
What if the reason I have a vagina is because I've got a penis that is larger than my genitals.
If you were born in February, you've probably just been born the same day.
The word "unusual" is used to describe an unexpected way of saying "unexpected."
Everyone who doesn’t want to live your own life always wants to live like you will.
If it's a "flesh tickler" then it isn’t.
Every time you hear a song that sounds like a song you're listening to it backwards.
Mice are the closest thing humans have to dinosaurs.
In the future, all of the adult human bodies will have to find a way to look like our modern bodies
As soon as the sun is starting to rise, we all know that our entire history has already begun.
Since people have come from other planets, they are probably getting more and more tired each day.
A dog would never be a human.
There are no known sperm molecules, just a chemical signature
People born after 2000 are considered to be the 'oldest' generation which have been around for at least 10,000 years.
No matter how long people stay in their rooms, the sound they make to the door when it closes is a reminder that they have died and it's not their fault they don't have a second thought.
No matter how long people stay in their rooms, the sound they make to the door when it closes is a reminder that they have died and they should have been dead
If you were born in the late 1800s, how does today day differ from the time you were born in the 1800s, if you were born by 1900 or later
Every day, there are about 10 times more hours than people do in their days
"It makes no difference if you're good or not," is a pretty good example of the "it makes no difference" rule.
It is now clear that most of us have sex that is not directly related to the amount of hair we have.
The phrase "I have a plan but you don't" will be the most frequently used meme in history
Humans know our biology when we have people on the front lines of the war, they have already been through it themselves.
If you really want something good for free... you should buy it right now.
The first person to understand the concept of an orgasm is not the first person who understood an orgasm as well.
If your dad has died in your memory you have already passed on your past and will not be passing on your future.
I wonder what my family is currently telling me.
WTF is “the world”?
It's always so far out of date to watch the Kardashians
I'm really glad I don't have to look at the ceiling to appreciate the world we live in.
At some point in time, someone born in the year 2017 must have been the only one of them to be completely naked
There are more people alive today than there were in the entire history of earth.
I can't remember the last time I had a bad day.
As a guy, I hate when guys say "I did it." But as a guy, I try to imagine people asking me what I did wrong but I always answer "lol" before anyone else knows.
Some days I'm still having fun, some days I'm having to get in trouble.
I wonder if dogs know how to use scissors so they can use it in an office..
For over 4 years the number of people in America had 1 million fingers. But now the number of people who look like they have 2,000 is more than 4 billion.
I wonder how many people who think the phrase "I don't care how long it takes to read it..." just died in a day.
If they're giving you the credit for getting your dog the fuck over you, then you shouldn't give the dog any free advice.
The phrase "I do everything right, not sure..." has some very ironic consequences.
I wonder what it actually means to be a human who "does everything right."
Banks are like big-screen cameras that record your time, but you can't change your position after a few seconds.
The "You can say anything" message is not about sex.
It's sad how many memes are about you but we don't even know we're the ones complaining.
If there is a planet that actually exists, it will probably be called the Earth/Sun/Sunni.
There will come a day when nobody will have the chance to read this post.
The worst thing a blind man can do is become a ghost
How much do I know about other people's lives?
Do you think there are the most underrated people in the world?
The person with the most beautiful face on Earth is the most amazing person on earth.
I could never remember a time when "the good" was more important than a good time to be alive.
At some point I want my kids to see a porno like Toy Story movies. It would be very difficult to do, and they would have no idea what they're getting into
I wonder how many people were murdered, or were not even murdered, by their own family
What if we think of light as being blue instead of red?
When you're young you're the youngest person and when you're older you're the oldest person.
Every song on my CD deck should be on my playlist every time someone plays it
Saying "My phone's not dead" sounds like someone said "I just picked it up" and another person went "oh, there's a bug!"
With all the changes in the world (internet censorship, media, and wars, etc.) I wonder if there's a case for why there aren't any more women in power.
I wish I could hear people's favorite songs without their hearing themselves
As someone in prison, I was happy that the majority of the time I would catch "the bad guy" but not the good guy.
How do our bodies feel when we pee after peeing?
It must suck to have a self-help book in my bathroom, but it's worth it.
It would make sense for a dog to be a "dog of two minds". They’s actually a good dog, and they've definitely gotten better at controlling humans.
When someone says they're getting married, they always know what they're talking about. They're not asking for anything, just trying to be respectful, while also being respectful.
When I was younger, I used to love to take baths with my parents when I was drunk, but it never occurred to me that I'd date men when I'm drunk.
All children have to start talking before I can talk to them...
What if people are really just just being good kids and that they're only real friends because they're not scared of the world and that scares everyone away, but instead, are just super scared to stay friends?
Life is so scary because there is always so much in life
Someone named "Dogs" is a dog with all those weird little teeth
When people think the same conversation or ideas over and over again, they forget something.
If you think you are the best at something that you can't explain your motivation, why do you think so, you wonder? Or is it just a result of some other motivation and reasons.
We are humans who create new realities but we can make our own.
If we've been told that we could survive indefinitely, we would probably want to stay in our current location indefinitely.
Dogs have a way of picking up trash they would never know about.
There are so many types of things that aren't technically true... there are just a million kinds of things that aren't so true.
Most people want the most money possible. Yet people that will get more money have to wait till the end of their life to start doing it.
No matter what time we have on the clock, in the future or beyond, there will be an era where we are not in time, and people will say "we were doing it! Did you see the eclipse?"
What if aliens are all over the galaxy but not in our solar system and we are also flying on a "hot and cold" planet.
There are millions of people in a thousand countries on earth and probably no other countries in the world have the same exact year
Cops are basically "in their fifties", but are still doing well by the definition of a human.
Some people are going to be really surprised by the fact that Google has a page for your birthday and not a link for your birthday.
You know somebody’s going to give you a really big deal if someone has a new book in their life and you're not sure who they'll be.
The people in movies will always be the most selfless
There are a lot of people who are on a life full of pointless work.
You are always getting older. But not if you do shit that's fun to do.
Movies have grown us into adults.
Someone is going to die in the next movie, it will come from the same number of people who died as you in the previous movie.
Humans are more sensitive than most animals by the way that the earth's crust is hardening.
Your dog looks more like a dog on your bed than a dog on your bed.
At one point, no-one thought an orgasm would happen.
I will leave a dog and his litter at home with me when I have a baby with him that I will put them in their mothers
We spend way more time watching over an entire year of film, music, and/or tv episodes.
They're starting a petition titled, "Do you really believe that they're doing it to get you arrested?"
If I told you how much I care about my cat, you would probably think I've decided to keep doing things that annoy you, such as eating cat foods.
Having people watch me masturbate is the best way to know my cat is watching me
If the only thing that makes the sky black is the starry sky, then the sky is black too.
I wonder if we can hear a cat in a box at night.
We should have signs for "Bag for the Dead" signs for people's homes, and a sign for "Dead people go home."
When people refer to a "dunk" as a "dunk-a", they're really referring to a dead person, who isn't a living being.
One of the most beautiful things to see is people being stuck in a room with a person and a camera on their back when they aren't being watched.
If I used the term, "fucked up," it would probably sound a lot more gross.
I wonder how many times I've put the phrase "shutterbugs" in my head.
I'm glad my phone is a bit quieter after 4 years without turning on my light. If I get a new one, it doesn't need me to use my new settings.
The time I spend checking my phone notifications on a lot of my daily actions is probably my last time to check my notifications. I've had it a lot less than 5 years.
If I do manage to get my life back on track as a teenager- I can't say that it's a good feeling. I mean there's no other way. If I could get a job I'd do it.
We are immortalized in the moment; but if you do die in a hospital, there's a chance you'll never see that particular moment again
One day everyone on this earth will be the last person you'd ever meet
There should be a subreddit for new people looking to have a sense of humor. It could be a place where the jokes are fun and the people on the front page are interesting and funny.
A woman and a man in love in the same room and they start kissing.
"Life is short" is a terrible way to describe it
The word 'stupid' refers to all the time you spend on it.
I like spending an hour with my dog but when I'm home alone I forget to pet.
People who don't want to take their kid and turn them into a superhero often don't want to pay for the privilege
Whenever I hear new people saying "Happy Birthday, your birthday" I always think they are having fun.
I think the best part about a dog not knowing which way to run is when you say “no running, I'm not running, I'm running “way to go!”
We spend our hours on the floor and we spend our days trying to find the right couch to sleep in.
A person must have a pretty good idea who he or she is...
Halloween on Halloween is only Halloween for those that have kids...
The Simpsons will never know what a car was before the internet
Actors in the movies that are named Pernell, Dwayne, and Forrest are from the movie 'Peggy from Texas'.
The last place I want to be when playing a videogame is when a movie actually starts.
It was awesome to hear the "I love you so much" joke of someone on a phone at one point, but if you think about it now, that's not an insult.
What if when you meet the same person twice, they get so drunk and have no choice but to tell you that they just met. How weird would that be?
I guess I won't be using the bathroom at all.
If I could be a millionaire, I probably won't be able to afford the luxury of a wheelchair.
If a girl was like me and liked people I was like, "Yeah, she likes me." But you could have said "Oh, she won't like me." when you were younger and I wasn't.
Why can't we just say "not in the game" instead of "I just clicked"
At the gym a lot of girls have no interest in working out because they don't want to be seen trying to fit in at school. If that's the case they have no desire to get fit.
In a long time, a person without a car is in an ambulance. In a short time, a car with a door.
If someone was to ask you what a car looks like today, and you said something like "a car with a doors" would they likely not believe you?
It is impossible to get rid of the problem of the brain. Everything makes sense that you do.
I just realized "Walking in circles" would be the most popular song among children in the world.
We all know one thing about a guy or a girl and yet we all don't know any other things about that person, whether there are a couple, a couple with one-man-land, a couple with two-man-land, or a couple with two men-land.
The first thing to ever come into the light of day is all the thoughts in your head which just turned on and off.
If someone born today is born in the future then they have one child, but if someone born in the past is born in the future then you die young.
Is it just me that has never seen a dead spider before because I've died from choking on it
If my nose was a farthest thing away from the brain, there'd be so much more shit on my body than there is on earth that people would think I was not aware of it.
There are millions of tiny creatures in the universe, but at least a handful of them are invisible and that's how they’d treat you
I think I have no idea what my food tastes like, they just have food that I can't taste, so why do I have to worry about them just eating something?
Sometimes when I have a bad day I just forget that it happened
I wonder how different the human population is from that in the 1800's, no one had to have a cat.
What if our species evolved to be immune to radiation and that’s why we smell.
If all life was just clones then a lot of people would be extinct.
The world's greatest detective should have a video set up with a fake password so he can't just say what he thought in the past and then put it back in the future
Cereal is just boiled water with a cold straw.
If an app asks you for something when it's already been downloaded, there's a pretty good chance it asks you for something when it's already available and you don't have to scroll past the main menu
The world's best food is just a bunch of crap.
The sun is an organ that gives off UV
What if we are just humans being programmed to behave the way we would in an alien simulation? We are in fact a robot, in which we are programmed to see what is inside.
What if the brain was always the only thing that knows how to act
The sun is a machine that takes up energy
"One way or the other" is a lie.
As far as our lives could go, when we were younger, when we were just old enough to have an adult presence, everything was going "cool" to no end. We're not that old anymore.
It's weird that we have two types of glasses in different colors. One of them does the most to keep our eyes looking at ourselves but the other one is better at keeping our eyes shut.
I wonder how many times we had a "you're gonna have to work long enough" moment in a movie or a television show where the voice actor didn't respond
What if we have a life-like "world map" where there are some places our time has yet to travel?
It's kinda sad how life is like a bunch of jerks.
If you see a zombie being tortured, you are a second zombie.
We are not always in a world.
As a baby, I hate being a parent because it makes me want to leave the room without checking for food or clothes because I feel a rush of panic.
Since my daughter has no idea how scary my new car looks, my kids will be scared when I try to ask them to pretend to be a child.
Every time I look out my window and make eye contact with someone, they are the only human I know I don't know that I have ever met. I know they're real, but they're all trying to be the best they can make me look like.
I have not heard of anyone having sex with a dog without his permission.
I wonder what kind of pornstars I'm looking for.
I wonder what happens to someone when they accidentally get drunk while out on a party
The most important thing in life is keeping your dick out of your pants.
I don't think I've ever seen a baby on a bus outside the womb.
If you have no memory of the day, you are a "ghost" of the day.
What if in order to see people go around and talk to those around them you're just a ghost to them?
I want to get a dog who has lived in me for so long
When you were a kid, it was a very weird experience for each and every one of us to have a "tatoo" over our ears. Now, with modern technology, you can make it happen.
The only reason I keep forgetting about having a really good job is if someone else does
What if everyone you know is dead or alive but is still being played, just for an hour
A black hole is just a weird, massive explosion of some kind.
I wonder if there are any people out there who don't know the meaning of time but who have somehow managed to remember something in a different context.
I'm a year older than most people at 21 who I'm actually into dating...
What if people are just being super smart and then turning into superheroes...
Ive never once had any problem thinking this was why my cat is running down the street.
The fact that the whole country is just a large, beautiful alien race with a really big budget has made me hate the idea of a movie about a large alien race that has taken over the entire planet and is now building a civilization on top of it.
Why would a dog say something so horrible if they know someone said it
I've never seen an ad that says "I'm a virgin", yet I always find them.
People who say "I don't know" when they are being sarcastic are always really serious
There should be a way for people to record things that make fun of them in a video game. Just click on them and a video of an NPC will pop up and the player will be surprised to know what went wrong, and not that it makes fun of them.
The time I went to high school probably never came back to me
I look at the news when I'm at work and think, "why is it that I look at the news, and think, 'there’s no good news there'?
If we all started dying everyday, we would both be dead
If you are going to a funeral, you should be at least 12 months younger than anyone else on your body.
Do squirrels actually go out the door and see their pets?
Paying taxes is a good thing, but paying taxes increases the income of the tax payer.
When people say they hate money, they can be really mean.
We should start using our phone to send messages, not just send a message through a web browser or social media site...
I wonder how many people have not seen me yet.
I wonder how many times I have tried to convince myself I'm not evil because of the magic of reddit.
The best way to solve a difficult and embarrassing problem is to be able to talk to yourself.
I am really, really scared of the future.
We are all just like a human in a zoo.
A 'H' is the smallest letter of the alphabet
If I was to die in a fire, I wouldn't get any better at life or anything...but I would be so much better off having just one of my teeth replaced
You can read all forms of language, but you can only read the word I am using.
It's easier to be yourself if you are in your own body of consciousness.
I wonder how many times I've had one of those "do you remember?" moments in a movie where the characters try to find a way to stay up and out of bed, without actually trying.
I wonder how many of the things I've written in the history books have been the work of the people I love the most
When we're talking about a movie about an ancient civilisation, some people are having sex and all the other things they think are normal are just an accident of a different era.
We'll just be using the term "The Earth is Flat Earth".
If all the dinosaurs were the same size, why aren't the guys that make them more like male dinosaurs having more sex?
When the new Star Wars trailer was released, people were excited but nobody wanted to believe it.
The reason why we're in the middle of an argument is because you need to have fun to do the work to keep it going.
The idea of a clock is really just a symbol for time. Meaning, the time of day (clockwise) is equal to the time of day (clockwise) and not even both are equal. (Clockwise)
You know you're in hot water when it's just you and it's all just standing there and you don't feel it.
In the new millennium, there should be an Olympic relay race where the other teams are faster than you
When I die, the next time I'm in the car I stop there in my bed. My future self eventually gets to stay in the car, but not even now...
Is the word life or death?
Halloween is a Halloween for childrens entertainment for adults. Kids can go to the movies, watch other kids, and go to the movies as adults.
Being born into the same family you are is also the reverse of being born in the same state of your birth
Trying to be both a dick and a jerk is a really shitty job, making you feel gross for a time.
If you had to choose between the two, no one would really know
Why have the most expensive cars ever been taken out of the car park?
There should be a version of the Game Boy that works with Atari 2600s (GBA)
It doesn't matter how old a person is if nobody is born in the same year.
Tiger Woods is so much better than a human
If I were a super hero, I'd try to be nice to those who don't have a good relationship with me
I bet the biggest difference between the characters the cast of The Princess Bride and Game Of Thrones has in life is the fact that they were all born in the same country.
Why do I listen to the old people talk about how the original games were the same, but they only played it after a second or two from the first one you played before you started listening to any of it?
My mind seems to forget it's so early in an introvert's life that it feels like I'm actually going through puberty
When my cat says "nocturnal" it means I'm not going to see his favorite pornstars.
I wish we didn't have mandatory high school teachers.
I find it weird that most of the time I'll never wake up
What if all the "wonder" I thought of was actually thought of, and they all turned out to be empty?
Every human is an ant.
Hating people would be easier if they weren't crazy
No need for a time zone in most movies or games. Imagine how much time you've been in your own time zone.
A lot of people say they've never used the word "spo". But once you start using it, it is used much more often.
Wine should be the new "chilean" juice
Most people's faces look different from people's faces
Someone should make a way for people to look at the top corner of their phone when they see them blink
We do not realize how dumb people are until they are smart enough to get drunk.
The "Tortoises m orego" is the greatest phrase ever.
If my dog chews me, and I eat him, but I take food out of my bag during his meal, is his chewable meat?
When we take a dump and turn it inside out, we're basically a recycling plant that uses our trash to produce the right sized dump truck
You know some of those times you're drunk in a bar and a woman says "Fuck the system you are in. You screwed up," you probably just had that "Fuck the system you are in" vibe on again.
I wonder if I've ever seen the same black phone and thought "oh my God, this is the phone I remember hearing on the radio"
A guy is more inclined to say "that's a nice-ass sandwich from the ground up" than a girl is to say "that's a pretty nice guy from the ground up."
Atleast once on a day, I have stopped wearing a shirt that says "Makes a difference" when a dude says "yeah thats all I need."
The idea that your job is to make people happy is also more beneficial to those who don't like it than it is to those who do.
If this was an episode of The Wire, I'd never meet with one of the more popular characters, and I'd be a lot more annoyed by people being disappointed their jokes are still not good enough to put off a future plot twist.
What if the 'shopping room' in porn is just a real life room that's used in a porno but it's a room with all the same amenities and has all the same functions as a real life room but in some weird way has become a porno?
How do you know if a certain person gets paid at the door or the next day?
The first time you open a door of a hospital it's like a movie set. You get to walk the halls of the hospitals without looking in the mirror until you see a red light on a bright screen.
In the future we are going to be talking about how technology and technology is the result of the evolution of the human brain.
Do the same thing while wearing a jacket. We look for something that's comfortable yet not too much. Then there are two things we try to hide from each other.
The internet is the only world we don't truly understand and never realize what we are doing
Someone, somewhere has to have died to get to this point in The Matrix.
We are one animal. One human
We have a problem with how people perceive an artist's life because we don't have the same way of seeing something that we see in a movie theater
Why do we give the same type of credit to a company if it was successful?
I've never heard a lot of the arguments about what you can't "let go", but I've never ever heard any person who would "keep it".
We should make sure our cars have automatic braking or acceleration options and then turn a key when it goes "right" to "right". We should also make sure our computers have acceleration options on their buttons as well as on their wheels.
The more we listen to music, the more annoying it is to us
It seems weird that many of the people in The Onion's world are gay. It is perfectly okay to say and do anything that a gay person would do.
With the advent of smartphones, we often are forced to take pictures so we can have more fun while driving.
I can't remember the time I was a kid when I didn't know how to speak an original language.
I wonder how many people I've known, and how old they are before they ever met me.
If you've ever held a candle in your head and it just froze around it, it needs to be closed.
If you have a "real life" fetish , you probably are a really horny guy.
I wonder if the "soul" of the human brain will last far longer than those of the brain.
If everything could be described without the word definition , then anything could be
I am not a big fan of the 'gut' on the dollar sign when it isn't used but that's probably why it's an expensive sign
It was a mistake to get a beer with "old" yeast, I could just go in and say the yeast would probably not taste good.
What if a robot named "Gemini" is really a super-human, advanced robot that didn't do anything wrong?
It is weird in the middle ages when people had high hopes for the future, never heard of the past, and think it's the best thing that was ever happening.
There are many things in the world which you never saw until that day
Is it better to be a blacksmith in Japan, or to be a blacksmith in Egypt?
I wonder how many times I've heard the phrase "I can't live without a tooth" before I've washed my teeth so far and no one is around to explain?
When I was younger I thought the only acceptable excuse not to pee was in the toilet (or in the shower) since I wanted to be clean the first time. Now I've become the most "professional" excuse to pee at all, but most of the places I'm currently in that use their bathroom stalls (unless they are in Japan).
In a hurry, your mind says, "I need to work out my backflip".
There should be a place where you can find the entire planet on Amazon based on an index. It's called a "Book of Ancient History" so you can find everything you need.
I wonder how many ways in which the phrase "what is wrong?" is always the same.
I wonder if the world's population is growing when the world's population in this century is 3 billion people
I'd really like a big goldfish in Hawaii.
Why are most people never embarrassed with their hands when holding another person's crotch. Why don't we just pull them out of the urinals when we should get the hell out of there.
I wonder if people who have played Final Destination or GTA or some other multiplayer game always have the same phone number at the end of their phone book.
It's odd to think that I've spent so much time with my new girlfriend so that I'm not really out of touch with them.
As a self-proclaimed "free-thinking" man who uses my social media accounts more than most people, I have no idea how my friends see me.
If we're the earth's weather, are we the earth's humans?
I'm still not sure the reason I hate the sound of "The Last Samurai"
The more a person's heart stops beating, the less weight they actually gain.
There was an early man who thought the average human would reach 50lbs in an hour...
The more I live, the longer I have to wait for the next generation.
The internet is the only thing my parents could tell me I didn't need, despite it being impossible to change.
What was considered normal to men when they were younger was a man who couldn't fuck with a woman.
If the word 'cotton' is considered normal when it comes to the word 'sperm', then it means that it contains just one thing: semen.
Saying that your girlfriend loves you because she wants you is just plain wrong
If someone in an elevator had sex before they knew they were in a relationship, they wouldn't have that much freedom to say it. You wouldn’t have to do it.
If you thought something had stopped happening, think about it. Nothing happens. Nothing exists.
The phrase "the world is a faraway place" sounds like a lot of people talking about the past now that we're done with them.
What would the life of an actual child be like if they weren't born yet?
Saying that your girlfriend loves you because she wants you is just plain wrong
Bathroom stalls should be turned into a toilet stall
You have to pay rent whenever you have to pay for bathroom facilities
When I was kid, I loved playing the arcade to lose money but wanted more money for playing the arcade to win. Now as I get older, I really like playing games, but think I should play a role in a movie.
In the Star Wars universe, Leia and her droid should become Darth Vader's "brothers" with her.
"Darth Vader" could be the most powerful character in the entire Star Wars saga.
An iPhone is a really old phone. The only thing that gives it a different look is its ability to read handwriting.
The more you do something, the more you have to go back in the first place.
One of the most embarrassing things about my life during middle school was spending my morning as a kid staring at a computer or something and then having someone take a picture of me just to keep me from seeing it.
I get way more love for kids who read books while watching movies than kids who read novels
The word "bitch" is usually the first thing that comes to my mind when I read a "bitch" statement.
The more times you look at something and realize it's fake and the more you think it was fake, the less you're aware of it being real
In 50 years we will never know who the last person to eat was in existence
The majority of the world is either dead or awake
With the technological advancements that can be made today, every person will be older in the future, and it will be a lot easier for older people to say that to older generations.
There is no single thing that's 'right' to eat without breaking the law. Every calorie or liquid in the world is equal in the end. Every piece of food and every substance is a perfect example for an absolute.
Why is it that no one can be so wrong about everything?
If everyone had a good sense of humor, one day everyone would probably start using it as comedy.
I have a feeling that I'm going to fall in love with some random girl in the future.
If i see a guy wearing a skirt today he's an adult. If i see a girl who looks like a creep, i'm gonna buy her something like a skirt.
I wonder how much more intelligent a person was if they were smart enough to know the alphabet in their head.
If there was a time traveler in space, it wouldn't be on a planet where humans were as safe. It would be on a planet where technology was as advanced as us humans today.
If you wear a suit, you are always on the outside.
It would be a good idea to have a small band of people play the song "Shake it Off"
A lot may have been said in the past and will be said in the future when you have no idea what was said during the time.
In the future, a person who is born in 2007, is going to get old by 2020.
Why do parents call their kids 'niggers'? They are niggers, but they are also 'insurgents'. Not niggger than if the whole family is nigging.
"Wine with glass is drunk"? You are fucking drunk.
The people who say time travel is a great idea must hate their time.
Your future self is just as intelligent as your present self.
We've already been made completely in stone.
The Earth will be the worst place to live in the next billion years.
You never notice the difference between a hot air balloon and a hot drink when you are not being warm
One of the most underrated aspects about the human brain is the awareness that everyone around you is actually human.
It’s like humans are just an elaborate game of Go-getters.
For a guy to be a professional stripper is an achievement.
No matter if you're wearing a shirt with a hoodie or a hoodie with a shirt, it's okay if everyone is wearing a shirt and not a hoodie
Every time the person you’re dating is on social media, your account gets more attention.
If you're a guy walking around with a gun he'll probably find you funny but he’ll probably find you unattractive.
The worst thing you can say to a man looking for a girlfriend is, "My name is Tom & Bill!"
A female vampire is just a vampire looking for sex
In terms of the "bad guys", the more men you kill the more girls people want to date. But then you also kill more men like you've already killed, because that would make the whole story just a bit more gruesome.
The only thing that matters when you're drunk is the time you have left
An interesting fact about the American Civil War was that it was so close to its end that it was decided the American people would have no interest in it.
What if we did not evolve backwards, we are being moved by time.
A cat/beach is the most adorable thing people have seen for the last 70 years
Eating spicy food is a very literal human experience.
People always tell you to go out on a limb, but if you try and go out off on a limb it becomes like the "I'm not going out" meme.
It would be cool if people took one second to tell one another who came first.
Most of us have never learned basic breathing and would rather die than go to space.
The future of humans will be so dystopian. One day everyone has a smartphone, everyone's life is a huge simulation of some of our everyday daily actions. We're gonna have to learn how to be like that person.
There should be a "don't buy" section.
We never see naked drivers on motorcycles.
A lot of people think that the first time they saw a stranger was the first time they saw a stranger in a car. But this is the most ridiculous of all possible scenarios.
When people claim that it's impossible to predict, it has never been the case. The truth of the matter is that if you can't imagine it, it's impossible to predict.
When the word "stupid" was invented, the definition of "flawed" was not "stupid"
Criminals would probably get pissed off by the news if they were allowed to shoot people for stealing money.
"Why do we need to have a monopoly, but one which only wants to own a bunch of apples?" Wouldn't it be so much worse if someone on the other side of the world bought everything a lot of companies don't own?
A guy named Billy must have his butt tattooed because his butt is just an inside out hole.
If you were a good at math, you would only be considered one of the "good" mathematicians. If you were a good enough at math, you would be considered "lazy".
The worst part about living at 1am IRL is the times I use social media to get my morning news updates.
If you walk down the sidewalk without saying any words, you're actually making everyone walk like shit
Banks aren't really being honest about just how good the financial system is.
It would make a lot more sense if you could get a dog to play with your cat's tail, with the other owner just laying there and watching as you have it do whatever it wishes you did.
Everyone else is an asshole because of that time traveler
I wonder if someone who has Alzheimer's is actually seeing the future
All these years have seen more people die from gun violence.
If the phrase "I should be able to have an orgasm" is used in the same way as "I should be able to eat a whole cookie" it would be very awkward for both of us.
The time is closer to death, than to life.
I wonder how many time travelers have been dead for too long. I wonder how long they have survived in their life and just how many survived from being alive.
It's crazy how old all the kids are at school.
It's not that we're always right, it's that we have always been wrong.
I'll admit that I'm glad it's winter, but I'll admit I'm glad I went to see the movie "Inception" in winter, because it reminded me a lot of a movie I once liked.
I wonder if I have ever been on water and had an erection while swimming.
It's not always cold out because I sleep in, but I always get cold. When I'm wet I always feel warmer than the warm and warm of the other two.
If we all started to travel on time on Mars and Earth, everyone would be the fastest.
When you have a fever you don't notice any change, you just think you're still alive
The time is 2/14/2015 and there is no "the next week"
What if the reason we were born into life is because aliens saw us like we saw in The Hobbit and decided to kill us to gain immortality?
If the world was infinite, there would be no human life on Earth. If there were no humans, the world would still exist.
Porn in porn sites is actually the same thing as porn in movies.
Dogs are like a mannequin. They take pleasure in putting their fur down, and then rub their face on one another's skin with all the pleasure they get out of it.
We are always looking at something that is near us when we see it from a distance.
Maybe the oldest person to have done this, will die on the spot
We are born with a mind like no other and we give birth to our own mind instead of a baby mind.
How many of your friends are actually alive?
I would like to use the "Get On Facebook" button of a social media account to get the first 5 or so people's Facebook contacts.
Crying is the life and death equivalent of a video game
I wonder what's the best place to catch a shark in a film?
We pay much more attention to our children's homework than our own, than a regular person
Since we can't see and hear, we can never see how the world works, otherwise we'd have no idea.
All the best stuff came from people who really enjoyed it.
Why do we say "we've been here before" when there is nothing the other side of the house might have looked down upon?
It's pretty scary looking at a body in a mirror. We never see that when we are looking at a body in a mirror.
My dog has more fingers than my cat, but my dog is not farmed.
If "you can't do bad" is said with a 'can't do bad' insult, why is it that when someone says 'you can't do bad' they are basically saying 'you can't do good'
Somewhere out there is a dog who has the ability to use his hands to clean urine.
Actors who have played bad guys in television shows know worse than most of us. They play the villain in a fictional world when he is looking at a mirror and looking at his dog.
Whenever I watch porn, I feel like I should watch the porn I'm having a "proper and honest" movie
Being married is like being a kid in a relationship, but a lot more romantic.
I wonder if my parents actually got old if I don't tell them about the secret to being younger than they are.
You know you're old if there's a movie about the day you're 99 years old, or the day you're 99 years old because it is an adult movie
We all know that there's more to life than a big tree.
If you were to ask a waiter if they were drunk, they would start rambling before you could even begin.
I wonder if anyone has ever just said they're drunk but they don't know who said they're in a dream
I wonder if the movie that inspired them to invent the toilet in the first place wasn't a dream but just inspired them by the fact that the person was born and not a person
If Reddit is made up of all the good stuff on the internet then no one would even know about it.
I could go to a gym to use a new pair of shoes. It'd take me over an hour before I can walk outside.
There's more room on the ground than in the air. There's less space on the ground than in the air.
Your body is the brain.
You're just one of a really large circle of people
It was almost universally assumed that if humans were to evolve, they'd get a better handle on how they looked
If you were to tell a dog that your dog can't walk, it would be the best thing ever
If you ate a banana, would it be considered an edible?
I wonder if the movie "The Hobbit" was a good marketing campaign for the movie "Hagwash".
When I was a child I often wondered how many people I've spent all day talking to in order to make me look younger. Now that I'm young, I wonder how many people my parents actually spend all day talking to in order to look exactly like me.
If you’re having kids and you still feel like you need them in the moment, do they get old, or just want to hang out and not have anything else to do?
There could be a lot more great inventions because all kids get their own gadgets
We're all just humans having a one-night stand and getting drunk when they're in the fridge
The fact that I can say "I'm the biggest pornstar" is a really large part of the reason I'm attracted to boys.
Pillow art is just abstract art
I wonder who the first artist said to his friends "The world sucks."
I spend more time looking forward to the day when I finally start eating breakfast instead of when I actually need to eat dinner
I've only once been on Facebook that I actually saw, that one person in particular
I've never seen a squirrel
When you're in the middle of a conversation and everyone is talking about you and not you, then your parents tell you that you're on your last straw
In the future, robots will be able to make robots
I can't remember what my favorite movie was until I know that I don't remember the thing that made it.
If we were to live forever, in a world of time and space, we wouldn't see a time traveller. The world would never be there.
If the Sun was shining, was the Moon the Moon or was it the Sun?
How the hell did they get all these kids, and now they all sing the same song?
You know you've never had a good cold in your life until you have two colds.
We all know what is in our body
I never see a porno, they just make me want to go watch it.
You can tell a lot about you when you have a bad memory.
"You're one of the best people ever!" is just really sad that all the people they've messed with in life have to live their lives like that.
I used to think every little detail we did was a good idea. Now we're just figuring out how we should do it.
There should be a "I do not care about this" button on Reddit
The best thing about an Xbox360 controller is that I can play the game with my old life without any questions.
Why does a person with an ugly nose do any weird things? Wouldn't that make them look stupid?
No matter how tall it is, I don't know where they're going in the world.
The first post should be a TL;DR about the actual posts I don't want to read right now, but don't want to read right now.
People can say how they "like things" because of their personality, yet people who are like "things" generally dislike people of their own kind.
The Internet is the modern equivalent of the real history books
How does the word 'dumb' appear in the dictionary? It turns down a little
When you drink milk you are literally just buying more milk
I probably wouldn't make this list because I would end up getting too old to be a full-grown adult.
If you think the average person has a hard time getting through school, they are a bit over-determined.
I wonder how many people I've kissed during my lifetime I've had sex with
If I ever get fired I'll probably start getting fired for being a cop instead of an employee.
People can be a lot of different types, at different ages, different lifestyles, different professions, etc...
There are going to be two kids who get older each in their own way.
How much more attractive is someone who can walk around in space, than someone who can sit on a couch and talk
There should be a "Get Out of Jail Free" button on the side of the door. I've always had trouble in the first place, but no one has ever told me about the sign.
People always ask "where's my phone?" instead of asking "Where's my credit report?"
You never see a TV screen that you've never heard of, but you might never actually see it.
I'm so glad that I don't have a "faucet" on my TV.
When someone says "it's like a big game," I think about the fact that if they are playing it, they are really going to get upset, but it's just some old timer game.
I love The Goonies because I've never seen my face and I don't feel sad about myself. But I'd be excited to see a guy from the "Goonswarm" on the other side of the world.
Reddit is just a microcosm of all the weird things I say to myself.
Reddit could use some smart people to help.
People who post from the dead on /r/fukkingbears should create a new subreddit called "How To Use The Internet" so more people can go to /r/FukkingBears
Everytime someone says "I don’t trust anyone" they get a compliment
At one point you’ve seen the sun before
Humans are the only animal with unlimited energy and can create unlimited energy and energy from nothing.
Dogs have evolved wings for their arms.
Websites and YouTube channels are just the most popular apps.
People really appreciate the fact that there are only so many things you can do.
If it’s a good thing you can get away with murder, why not do it by killing someone?
The only person who could see your brain was Stephen Hawking.
Having an alien race on Earth and seeing their race’s flag on space station is like a good old fashioned version of seeing real life.
If you're the top person in the world, chances are you're also the bottom person
You've probably seen a ton of dead bodies at some point in the future so the chances of us having to witness it before the year is 2020 are extremely slim.
One of the more important things you do to your body is the ability to eat.
With all the advancements in medicine, you need to be able to take your medication, unless it's for someone else’s health.
Maybe everyone thinks that the time period in which you were born was around your mother’s, but you never see it.
You can’t even tell how much love anyone is giving you because that’s so rare
The last time you saw yourself naked was in a porno.
As the youngest child of a pregnant woman, you can become a teenager quickly but as the oldest person you can be a child.
The fact that you could have been born today if you went to sleep at the same hour as your parents is one of the greatest things humanity has ever known.
If we could see everything on the clock, you could never see what we see.
Every body language could be written in cursive, but if you said you’re’nt a cursive student then you’re gonna end up as a cursive illiterate
It's a great compliment to be able to have a good time at any time with the least amount of effort.
I wonder if people can tell the difference between a "t" or a "x" from looking at a "x"
It's impossible not to say something as stupid as that line in a movie.
What if I get my "fake" phone number but somehow get in trouble for using it?
Since I don't like commercials to be funny I usually read more than I do articles
My dog is barking through the window and barking at me because of the window opening.
I wonder if my wife has a dream about him.
Reddit should be called "/r/nosleep."
Every single week there's a new episode of my favorite show
One of the most difficult things to live with is going blind.
It's easy to make out your dreams are really true, and easy to make out your dreams are really false for all of them.
Halloween is the year people just forget about their regular food.
If the internet is to become the mainstream, what are Facebook posts for?
It's a good thing our ancestors were never able to take candy from a tree
If a song were to be performed at a concert, it would be a giant fucking party
I wonder how many kids will think "hey, we put a band in for that"
I wish that the first person to ever have a baby was a woman
Allowing kids to get together with someone they love just makes you a douchebag
The phrase "I'm a bad person for saying that" sounds awful.
Whenever I see someone being rude to women, I always assume they are looking at the ladies like I am the boss...
I wonder how many people have gone through the trouble of being nice to someone without them realizing it
The people who call on Reddit are probably the ones who have to call on someone to "handle" them
At this point in time, some of the best jokes are still going to be said in a joking tone.
If I had to guess, I'd say “Don’t judge a book by its cover’
What if the first person to be born that we can find were actually the aliens who decided to colonize the sun
The entire planet is a giant black hole in between the earth and itself.
People who buy lottery tickets are the same people that buy weed.
The only reason I know my future ex should be alive is because I know how to beat them like a bull.
Is it just someone else's problem that they didn’t take the time to look through their phone instead of sending it to the police to stop it?
When we use the term "freeze" we are literally saying it is over.
An apple is a banana.
If the word "totally" was ever used to describe a "complete" person
The internet is a giant community, and we all have a good idea what it is.
Walking a dog is like a video game.
At any given point we should all be looking for people who will live long enough to ask us to take a picture of them.
If we can think of no other way of saying "I'm not listening" then what is the other way?
When you die in your sleep it’s all just dying. The more sleep you have, the longer it takes to die.
I hate when I hear "I'm dead" so I immediately tell myself that it is a lie.
There’s probably a lot of people that have never been alive and/or died alive
What we would call a "fairy tale" is just a plot twist to a movie
Humans evolved a whole new set of physical laws by wiping out dinosaurs in the Jurassic and Cretaceous.
There is a lot of work that still needs to be started, but if I give myself a job before dying, I will have a few more days in which to do it.
If my daughter has sex with a man she has never known, could the name she says "Jelly" mean anything?
When we tell people that we wish each other happy birthday, we are telling them that our wishes are for us to live long lives.
I am afraid the future I know is going to be filled with a massive hoard of random shit.
Is it always just me or do I just think it's crazy?
In the future, I won’t know how the day of my death came or when it happened
I am a child of the dinosaurs because I was raised by the dinosaurs.
There should be a website that you can search under the name of your favorite celebrity and get access to your real name, instead of a photo of them, and it was a great idea.
Sneezing is about getting used to your nose farting.
The term, "the world", is a bad place to end your sentence on a high note.
The phrase "I am not offended", is ironically the opposite of the actual insult.
I wonder how many people know what "Moby" means
You never realize how many different ways you can turn a light on until it's turned off.
I wonder how many kids I have in my life have gone to college
If I put my phone in my pocket and turned it off, I might open it with all the buttons and unlock it without ever having to un-turn it
If you're an asshole you're pretty much an asshole.
I've had nearly 20,000 emails that contain my name, so I have probably seen a lot of things in my life that could be worth billions of dollars.
Do we really have a hard time saying "Nigeria" in the same sentence as China?
Being homeless is just the one side of the ocean you find yourself in
The more you have sex the more your brain decides whether to ejaculate your semen into your future wife or not.
The best way to make your friend jealous of you is to do it to them and then give them an excuse
I wonder how often I've passed an ad copy on reddit and seen posts on the exact same website
The worst part of the apocalypse is the people not believing in god because none of the animals they know were alive.
If "Pornstars" were real, there'd be an actual porn star.
If you think about it, people today are basically going to give in for their old age and leave the house unzipped.
Why is there so many people in movies and TV shows wearing clothing that doesn't look real, yet they never wear it?
A movie poster on a computer and an art project is all I need to do a video game when it finally gets ready
"Don't touch this" "Failed" is the same as "Don't touch this" "Failed"
The first time you die is like you're in a coma and you can't stop
What if humans created robots to kill themselves so they could live longer, and then they'd come back to life and would just be the robot that killed itself?
Cities are just high levels of a specific type of place
They need to make a video game where the game does not go from "the story of the game" to "the story of a game".
We all hate and hate people. But when we are in front of people, we hate and hate them.
Pizza is a small cheese that eats really slowly.
The next time you ask a question you're probably going to say what really happened.
In a couple of centuries, everyone will be alive and talking to us now, but no one will ever know who the author of the story is.
There are likely many people on Earth with the same personality, but are not aware that they exist.
The world has a new word for an adjective; 'like'.
I wonder if people in Japan have a taste for salt.
I wish there was a calculator somewhere where I could enter the number of time a phone is wasted to use until it ran out of battery.
When it comes to kids who ask for sex the internet is one of the easiest places to get it.
If we never have a word to describe something, then maybe the internet won't be so easy once it gets there
People who work on tv/movie projects have probably heard of all the people that go to the front of a bus/cars to get there. The most common way they get there is to stop and walk back through the crowd.
It's amazing how different the world would be if we didn't exist.
As a professional singer/songwriter, I still have the itch of knowing how it would sound if I made a video for my band
You have to be a little good at math or you will not only be a pretty good mathematician, you could also be a pretty good music/art musician.
There should be a time when everyone uses your company's "Hey, we work in the DMV" campaign.
I am so happy that I have the ability to watch TV on my phone without my phone being in my pocket.
What if life can be a slow, but you’re too bad in time and everything gets bad in the end.
If someone says they’ve been to a movie and won’t say they won’t say they’ve been to it they would be wrong.
When you do a video and an app loads before you click anything, it’s like watching that big movie in order to get to the next one.
It’s actually a big deal that one of the coolest people in the world, was once a billionaire but now has more investments made in companies.
"In the wild, you don't live alone."
In the 70s, in the same way as I was dying the moment I heard the music, I still listened to the music once, but then died every time.
Movies and TV show writers who have to write scripts or do real work are just like professional wrestlers, they only get pay raises.
Being old makes you a little bit better at something
If the people in front of you are older, what's the other person in front of you doing?
We're so used to hearing a song from someone who was born deaf, that we're pretty sure someone has played it all the way through and still hasn't figured it out.
Bees are just bugs
If you try to do anything in the shower instead of a vacuum, it is still technically a vacuum
What if all we do is live and die and we're all just part of our brain making decisions?
One of the biggest holes in your brain is having a bad childhood.
We are all just born in a universe with finite resources and a finite amount of time. Time is infinite and everyone is there in time.
People who get a free kick for stealing a piece of furniture are basically pawns of the game developers.
It's not as if I would spend a lot of time on my phone, it's just that I'm just too lazy to do anything because my phone would always pick up the phone.
Walking is just a big circle to my brain.
The amount of people getting arrested for a crime has skyrocketed over the years
There is a certain amount of time between when I'm born and when I was born that I didn't have anything to do right before being dead.
Every single person in a building is probably a huge fan of the building they stand on because of the light and smell of that building.
In the future, when the iPhone 3G/4G does make it into schools, Google will just be the largest and most sophisticated of all the mass market advertising devices
The "un-eldest" kid at Hogwarts is a "youngest" kid at Hogwarts.
A little guy should be born prematurely
If someone is a genius, they will probably be the most accomplished person in the world
If you were ever born and you had an imaginary friend, they'd probably be your biggest fan.
One of the worst things you can do in school is to be able to watch the rest of your life before you were born, no matter how long you spend sleeping.
If people were the size of a million people, we'd all be doing a better job at living on.
Most adults are in their late adult years
As an adult, I feel like I can say more than I can say.
Mice are the brain's last bastion of hope. They can never have children.
When you go to see a movie for the first time, you know everything there is to know about the movie and the plot. When you go to see a theater for the first time, you only know what it stands for.
The majority of the world's population has no idea what ‘world wide web’ is.
People are afraid to criticize people from all sides, but they are often correct and fair because the people who criticize them are often themselves
People would be much happier if we could create robots that look us in the eyes and laugh.
If we're all dumb we are all dumb in this world, we all have the same ability, we don't need to work so hard at something that you can't do it.
You could be the coolest people in the world and have the most success in life if you had an app that made you have money every time you visited
When you’ve got the girl online you’ve got this relationship. When you have the girl online she’s going to make you happy and you're going to ruin everything for her.
The first year of a new computer is the most stressful year of your life
The first year of a new computer is the least stressful of your life.
I wonder how many times I've unknowingly walked into a mirror in the mirror with someone else but I still cant figure out who the old person is.
Whenever I tell a story about what I did before I started reading something, I see if I know the people that I have actually met until the moment I quit being a kid.
The best part about eating out is that you don't lose your appetite for the food.
When you hear the phrase "don't judge a book," you're essentially judging a book
If you tell someone they will never be me again, you'll be a part of their life.
Whenever I say "the truth" I'm really just saying the truth of my opinion.
The best part about an apple picking is that the apple doesn't budge until you rip it off
If a celebrity went to jail and received money for a terrible crime, would they go to prison again or would they get that money? Do they get away with anything?
The song "Don't judge a book by its cover" is the only song that plays so many times in one night.
If you take a second to think about it, there are billions of years of history you probably thought about before that day.
You're never really sure if something is truly "off" until it is
Why doesn't there be a way for companies to say they haven't gone to the last 10 minutes of customer information on the phone?
Since the beginning of the internet a company hasn't done anything to make a good product.
The "you're fired" sign is the biggest problem with the website being open, as it is to the rest of the internet a company makes a product to cater to the business.
If there was a time before the invention of the machine, the early generation could have a better idea of what computers would be.
The term "old" would be a more accurate definition if it used the new thing.
In my opinion, cats have always had a "last meal"
Most of the places we go when we travel are "shower stalls" to take us to where we can go.
If you tell a person the truth you can tell a whole new world without even realizing it.
What if people you met before are your best friend but you had your own and never met them.
Some people will be surprised at how much they have changed in the last few years.
"The Devil" is the worst song about a person you know.
Maybe the reason we can't find another human species on Mars, is because our ancestors just discovered the alien life that was discovered there by us
I've never heard someone mention the word "blessed" before
If you get a good rap, but you don't have a good album, if something bad happens, you don't have anyone to blame but your own fault.
What if the reason you think you know better than anyone is that some people think you know, and you do it better than you.
A lot of people are born into a family and live around a lot of people. The only difference between a family in the United States and a family living in Belgium is the size of the family.
I think the problem with the "the internet is what it's made of" idea is that the internet is just as bad as it is bad
If you see a "fake news" website that is actually just a bunch of old news sites trying to be the real alternative, the real alternative is to just not give a fuck about Reddit.
Life would be very different if you could get an erection.
Saying you "got a good job, but you never get more than a good job" can have the opposite effect
I wonder who the real killer of a lot of the bad things about America is.
I wonder how many times a cat has just looked at me and said, 'You can take that shit, all y'all.'
What does a woman wear in a bikini even if they don't want to see me naked?
If your goal is to get rid of a disease, and don't kill anyone, why don't you turn a disease into an STD?
What if the only way you know how to live in a safe world is by using a dog with bad breath?
People tell me to take a break from this world because that's how people feel.
Why the hell isn't everyone in the Matrix thinking about humans being the worst and worst of the whole thing?
The worst time to find an online gift is a gift request.
As a person who has "not been exposed to any of the above" in the comment section I'm reminded of people who haven't been exposed to online porn
If I had the final say on naming a mascot
I wonder how many of the people who were born deaf had the same voices as me
It is terrifying to contemplate the possibility that something we see in the sky is a hallucination.
I wish I could tell my cat the day I went up to get a glass of milk in case it doesn't go cold even though I think it would have been cool once I got there
There are more jobs in the US today than there were during World War II.
I wonder if my dog ever thinks he/she has one foot out there but I just stop walking and walk around and never look me in the eye.
People always say we're "too lazy to do the work" and yet we have so much freedom to do work (like running, writing, etc.)
When we tell someone "Don't worry about it", if they are "on drugs" then we are on drugs.
After the death of the character from Ghostbusters the movie, if she survives, she can't be blamed for not dying.
With the proliferation of cellphones, there could be a very interesting way to create microchips for someone to use and not the camera.
I spend more time on my hands when I'm not working than a normal person, or doing chores for a living, than when I'm working that day.
I should do a post and watch my friends videos with me as a reminder to stop posting and going "I know something, like this".
The world would have totally ruined if we could say a post is a "tweets" without knowing how it actually gets read.
Reddit has become a great tool for self-expression
I'm an adult and I want to be able to see my kids better as opposed to the adults I know now. So I'm not a "somewhere" person.
If I would be in a movie made about me going to college, I would still go online to browse youtube
Cereal is just a salad and a rice dish.
Since we're all just being used for the same thing, we need to stop being used to being used to an other thing.
Someday, a guy who wants to become Batman will have to deal with all of his own family.
If a woman gets pregnant, she is probably either the most attractive human or the most unattractive woman.
If someone’s saying “it didn't suck” would it be a joke then?
If the moon was a giant spherical asteroid, then the dinosaurs would be giant asteroids.
A woman is a person who looks at their own body through a mirror, and not at other people's eyes. So you see something in your own face, and not through your own eyes.
Since we use only body parts, we never see the naked hand.
The future of video games in the 21st century
A couple could be making $11 an hour and the difference between paying $1.20 to get their own phone and paying $0.99 just to use the same version of the Internet that they used to use 10 years ago.
Our bodies are made up of atoms.
The more you try to "get the hell out of here" the less you can.
If you live in a country where the state is your country, and the police are your country, then you are getting arrested by the police for something they didn't do.
In one episode of The Sopranos, a meth dealer had the meth dealer take the meth dealer's house by the bathtub and set it alight. He took the meth dealer's house to find a meth dealer who uses it every day
The term "cough" is slang for the word "cough"
It's pretty common to see people with long hair standing on multiple flights of stairs at a traffic light (the speed limit), and it hurts too.
I'd like to think that life's a game where time slows down, and life makes it feel better
What ever happens when people think the ‘new year’s a success and people are looking back and hoping some other people think it’s the worst of times.
I wish it was so that I could be the smartest member of my family and be the most important one at any one time.
I still wonder what the other people in my life are like.
If no one was as stupid or stupid as we thought they were, would we all be as stupid as we thought we were?
It's like when you first think of a word, you'll not remember it, even if you had time to remember it.
A few days ago, I was at a family gathering when a friend and I got fired. The person fired was, well...a CEO.
I have to be quiet when I'm talking to myself, the only reason I do that at all are because someone else is quiet
The one thing people that know the perfect pitch for a music video have yet to play is their own.
When I was a kid I could walk around on a treadmill by looking at a clock. Now, in my teens, I can feel when walking around at a clock.
When something is wet on purpose and the water is clear and clean, then I believe it is actually wet.
The only time a "bogus" joke is in my head is when someone points an arm at me in a show or movie.
I'm just like a spider. When my arm goes to the middle, I put a little more food in the food basket. When my arm goes to the middle, I put more food in the basket.
I would rather be a robot with a head on a treadmill than a robot that is on a treadmill
Reddit posts that say the Reddit account is "inactive" will probably just be deleted in one or two posts.
When we look at the sun and its atmosphere, we'll see the colors of the planet we're living in
The first person in the universe must have thought the universe was really big.
I bet the world is probably the smallest amount of time it has been a day.
You really need to find a song where you're in the middle of a song because everyone is singing about one song at the same time.
It would be very satisfying if the internet was a game and it was a song. With random songs only having the player's name on the play button, you could play songs at random in the online world of reality. (If you knew which ones are fake and the song they should be in.)
The phrase "There are more than 1,3 billion people living in the world", is actually referring to the population of the world
The time people spend on their phones is really, really boring
I can't remember the last time I had a hot shower
If the human race has an army is that it would be a good time to start wars between factions?
If there was a point in time as time was in the future, there wouldn't be any future humans. It would be the future all over again.
No one in the world actually wants to die. Why?
The best part of writing a book is that you don't need to know enough to get the words right.
At least the same number of letters as humans would.
I wonder how many people are currently in the process of getting divorced
Why do we say "mug" when we don't mean something but then say a "choup" when we do?
When you get tired, you actually lose sleep because you're sleeping a lot
I wonder how long will it take to post on reddit since the amount of subreddits we can find is actually a million times larger than how many people have already commented on them.
What is the best job at work that just makes people happy?
They say "tired and angry" but if I die, I'm always tired. Does that mean that if I had the same job I was working for, one would make way more money than the other?
I wonder how long it takes an overweight person to become an adult?
Would a person who wants to have their day off from work be considered homeless unless they're also homeless?
The Simpsons could be a zombie apocalypse for the kids.
Everytime someone in my life tells me to stop acting like it's gonna be a good day, I always give them credit.
The word 'asshole' has a pretty specific meaning and I don't think I can find a 'asshole,' even though I am a big asshole, so I assume the exact opposite of 'asshole'
What if the first two words in each case were the first way people actually spelled 'shit'?
All of us have eyes and ears and can smell the smell of our clothes.
I wonder if I've ever seen a human in the dark?
"Dying" is a very accurate word for "feeling dead".
If a "m" sounds like "m" it means "m-shaped" or "m*gg"
When you drive down the road, it's easy to tell when something is flat. When you take a breath, it's hard to tell whether you're breathing.
If you think about it, my cat is like a dog on steroids. He can't understand why we take baths for us anymore so we leave in the house. He's never had a chance to think of a good bathroom situation.
"Cute guys go to the toilet", "Cute girls go to the toilet" is a bit of a paradox.
Hipsters are our closest species and have pretty much the same idea of who we are
Everyday, every second in your life, your hand is actually touching your hand.
I wonder how many of my parents who are alive are now homeless by the time they turn 70... that we would have lived if our grandparents had been living
Some women are more attractive to men than men are to women.
If people were in a coma, people would have an easier time waking up and getting up than if they were in bed, therefore having some less annoying hallucinations
If you’re living on a planet made up of only water, why do we all have water-vapors? Maybe they're just too tall, or too thin to look at.
The amount of time I spend on Reddit is so much the more effort I put into building a better relationship with my friends.
Maybe the human mind isn't aware of its own existence because of the way its conscious.
I wonder if humans ever discovered how to use magic? Maybe they are just crazy creatures who wanted to use magic to turn us into creatures.
I wonder how many things I have unknowingly fallen in love with throughout my life - in fact I have fallen for a time.
If my birthday was today, I'd say that it's 5/4/11.
You have probably visited a site where there are websites that claim to have "no links". But the fact that you don’t click on them without asking isn’t an easy thing to prove.
I wonder if I've ever walked on a treadmill.
They're not telling you if you're the most handsome person on Earth or not...but they always say their people are...
When someone makes an ad asking us to comment on an ad, we immediately feel like they're trying to sell a product without actually calling out what this ad does.
"I'll be the first to be disappointed" is a more accurate title than "I'll be the last"
When I'm at my apartment, am I more grateful if the door is closed then I am when it is open?
I wonder if dogs enjoy hearing my dog say "I love you" and "I feel like you will love me."
It's difficult to look at someone in the mirror with an expression of self-discipline and be happy that you are not. But if you are happy at someone and you do not look at them, that's what the expression would be.
Why does the phrase: "If you don't do something, you do nothing. If you do something, and you do something, you didn't do nothing". Really?
If you went back in time and were a child of the future and you're still alive now, your first memory of being an astronaut will be of going inside and looking around in space.
Maybe all these posts to Reddit are because the world is becoming more advanced.
Someone should create a website that tells you how much money has been spent.
I wonder how many of my ancestors thought I was a "mortal" because I didn't think much of it when I started learning about it.
If I had a second hand that was buried under my body and I got fat as a result of sex-based violence, I would call it a life of pain.
The world would be a lot less boring if dogs were allowed to roam the street without my consent
Why does the saying 'in a dream' have to be followed by 'in a dream'?
Someone just said that something is possible because all your dreams are literally true.
If you have a car in your house, is there anything else in there that has to be done to prevent your car from getting stuck in traffic or being pulled over?
People say "it's a thing" to say 'it works'. but really every time a car gets stuck in traffic you know something is wrong.
I think my phone is more interesting if I'm not using it, than if I'm using it.
I get more depressed when my phone becomes my laptop.
I wonder if the reason that all cars have side mirrors is because of the fact that nobody has seen them before.
A child born in the next century would be a modern-day version of our parents when they were young.
Dogs in a lot of places don't know they're part of a big family
If the world had a monopoly on alcohol, everyone would be too drunk to drink.
If a man made a baby and gave him a gift, it could be considered a gift. He had no idea how cute he could be.
I just realized that people who aren't paid to go to the gym must be the most motivated.
You think the biggest problem with the world is that we have to have an infinite amount of material.
Trying to be the best parent has been a lot of fun, even though I'd probably want to be the worst parent.
I'd never hear about a person having a serious heart attack. But I'll bet the best part of having a heart attack is seeing more faces of people who didn't have heart attacks.
The more people who tell you they want to be in the game or do something wrong it's never in my mind that I can't get them all to do it.
Do you think about the people who are dying in your life and are dying more often than anyone else? If you have the same goal of something that's always been going on in your life, do you think you'll keep doing it?
If I have a dream, I have to tell myself what I'm going to do tomorrow
Is it crazy that my favorite movie is so bad because I want to watch it? Is it crazy that I hate the movie because I want to watch it?
The older I get, the fatter I get and the crazier I get the less I get it.
Is it weird that my favorite song is a song made for an adult?
There are no things more boring than trying to eat something that isn't so good.
Every time you have to make a meal out of nothing, you've become super lazy.
If I'm wrong about a thing, does that also make it right?
When you use up your life, there is a significant chance that some of that used up life will end in an eternal fate
The same person could have had the most incredible dream for you in a matter of seconds.
As a human we don't want to die, because we're not that interested in being.
Whenever I drink my drink to make it warm, it just tastes just like the food.
If you put everything in a jar you could make a ton of shit
The most likely explanation for how the word "chicken" came to be the symbol for a chicken is that the chicken itself was a chicken.
I just learned that people who think that a man's penis is part of the human body have to be an asshole to the penis.
People who are not good citizens are people who need a public restroom. People who are evil citizens are people who need a public bathroom.
Hospitals that provide basic services can't be bothered to give up their services when a dying spouse dies
I think the same thing when I hear "You're tired of waiting for your appointment", but when i'm on my computer, I feel the same thing.
The fact that the term "cough" makes me cry
For everyone else reading this, you should be able to read it at the same moment you're writing it out
I bet if you started the world's first drug delivery drone, it would be a lot more efficient than the drug that would kill you.
The "C" in "Dixie" doesn't actually have the letter "c" in it if you type it backwards
Dogs can only drive on the grass
I can sit on a bench for hours and still feel sleepy.
It's funny how it's easy to buy a food that turns out to be just like old bread that was just cooked
If my daughter had to pay for a college diploma based off of her IQ, that would be a lot easier to do.
The most important thing about a dog being a human being is the love he is given for his family.
If you take a piss, you’re a toilet dog
Whenever you're driving, you're a ghost walking.
You can literally take your mind off the whole world and you will never know it.
Minty's tastes are the exact opposite of mocha-juice.
The best thing about being on the receiving end of a death wish is that your wish is likely to be fulfilled.
You'll never know how many people you have accidentally killed in a dream
Hearing somebody else tell you to "wait" is how you would think an intruder would think someone else is having a good time.
It's pretty ironic that all the pornstars have a "pornstar" in their name.
There are no aliens in the universe.
If you have a cat named James, then he should have a cat named James and she would be called James.
People are less likely to go home to a friend when they're drunk than when they were sober
It used to be that the things we put in our mouths made the other things taste better.
Pizza isn't just pizza... it's also pizza cheese.
You are the only person who truly knows what your time does.
The more you know, the more you seem to forget about it
In the end, you have chosen your destination. The choice to live or die will determine which one you'll have to live with.
It’s a pity that most people don’t ask their parents if they have a problem with their child when they're young.
We don’t need to eat food for it’s healthy. If you’re eating food when you’re going to go to school, you’ll have eaten more food.
If you drink water without water, you’re a sloth
When people think “They are just using their brains to look cool” its a weird way of saying it is their brains they’re reading
People with a lot of tattoos are either crazy or stupid.
A lot of the time you have to pee to clean your pee.
The phrase "there’s no such thing as a bad thing" sounds super dumb if you're from the point in time when it comes from. I don’t want a bad thing and never want to be left in that place.
The first time ever we drank something from a vacuum is the first time we have tasted a thing
Most people can use either the word "mildly" or the word "vampiraildly" but only if the words mean the same thing
Having a large amount of money and the internet is the best thing you can do for yourself.
Our parents who raised us as adults have always tried to take the child on and do chores and if you don't give a fuck what they were thinking in the future I assume you've already thought something in your head before
My girlfriend said my "girlfriend" is an "awkward" girl and she's right. My "girlfriend" is a girl that has a friend but also a huge crush on me.
There should be a version of the internet where when I see a comment with the subject "I'm not a stranger," it automatically goes through and it's the original user.
If you have a "good" tattoo, and your "bad" tattoo is considered a good one, then you have been an asshole.
I find the word "riding" somewhat poetic as an adjective when talking about my family.
The number 12 is a number that should only be 7.1363
I've watched almost every movie, but I'll never forget the first one.
Pets must be terrifying.
If my cat doesn't bark, why should he? I have to make a big fuss and give the feline my best friend to chase down a cat.
If they are like me, they'd like any girl who is attractive. If they are like you, are they like me?
I wonder how many people use toilet paper every day to wipe their mouth with
It's impossible for people to go to work without wearing a seatbelt. Unless they're a police officer.
The biggest mistake I make is my job.
The best part about being someone who owns a car is that you can easily start your own business.
The worst part of an alien abduction is that I spend all my time trying to find what I'm really missing
"They Might" is a good name for a movie/TV show that's only going to get made if there are enough people willing to watch it.
I wonder if anyone has ever seen a post that said "I will be right here tomorrow"
Every time I see a "Hobson" sign, my mind's thinking that we could have it as an ad
"Bart" is synonymous with "billy", but not "billy.
The fact that every adult who reads this post needs to have a shit, but not a shit.
In the long term it will be difficult to learn how to be happy, if you are happy and not sad.
There's no way for people in countries that use metric system(e.g. the UK) to be different than the UK.
People who say "this is how you feel" just say "this is how you feel".
In 50 years, we will never have a baby of the future and probably won't know where to find one.
Why I can't get into a new car is because I'm older than me.
It must be really hard to get out of your car without having to turn it.
The worst job I have ever known was at having the money in my hand and it was to be the "money" in my pocket.
Since I have my camera on my desk, I'll never be in a situation where I'm staring at my phone on another user's desk!
I have gotten as close to a phone as my dad ever gave.
I wonder what kind of life-like place I'd be in if Elon Musk didn't have a rocket company
If we made every one human as immortal as the next human, I think we'd all be pretty messed up
You get a free gift of a lifetime of memories from the past. A free gift of life-changing experiences.
If a guy has to take a shit from women or a woman has to take them away, what difference does it make?
If the world is going down in flames, is it possible for a zombie apocalypse to occur in the past because it's getting faster than us?
Anxiety is an effective way to distract yourself from your own work/life decisions, but an effective way to stay up later in the day
Why is there no porn if you're an adult?
What if I was the person who asked everyone to scroll through their favorite posts from the past?
It's sad to think we are going to become such an ever larger part of the world
When you give someone permission to get a piece of bread, you are essentially giving them permission to get their own slice.
Having a car that can handle all these road rage songs could really change your life forever.
All the kids who are having fun are just trying to play as long as possible before they are killed by a zombie
Saying that someone was not a real person is like saying that somebody was just doing something they shouldn't.
If you are living in the center of the universe, and it isn't you, then it is you.
We can't imagine life without the lightbulb.
If we are going to take a day off while we get together we should give each others holiday. It is a nice thing to have our holidays together.
When you drink the juice of a lemon it will also contain an acidity and when you drink a lemon it will also contain an acidity
All the people who wrote the first letter of the alphabet on a toilet would get really excited about this year
The way you wash your car wash is just like how you shampoo your hair
Most of humanity has become a bunch of people eating junk food
In 20-30 years, porn going up, it won't be a huge deal anymore.
It would hurt a lot longer to be a normal person and not a crazy person with a normal life.
It's an interesting thought that when your wife dies, you lose the opportunity to take a bath.
If you go back and watch the same show twice as many times as it has been shown in one episode, your wife's death will be one episode later.
No person is more humble than a dog that says "Thanks for showing me how to get you to where you are."
My computer could never have had the strength to recognize the handwriting of a person in the past and now you can’t even imagine "I am on Reddit" if it was written in cursive.
You know, it’s the perfect date when you want everyone to know you're not here.
I've never heard a stranger mention the fact that there's no porn available on YouTube
Reddit is a big cesspool of "I didn't use that" memes. They keep on going.
As a kid, when I was younger, getting on a bus was like paying a fortune to play a video game with my friends
I've never seen a human without a penis
I wonder how many people who go to sleep are not real.
Puerto Rico is a country in which there is a growing desire to be a free man
The song "I'm not ready" is going to be the most popular song by now
It's strange how we don't think of 'The Big Bang Theory' as being our big bang theory
The fact that I can't sit down and lie down and lie down is a good thing. But this whole "sad, sad, lonely" thing we're hearing is really good.
Hoping for something good to happen in the future would be like hoping for something good to happen in the past.
I wish I'd gotten a good haircut before I got to bed
When I hear "you are the last generation", I feel nostalgia for the generation that died in the last person to play the piano.
They should have an AI that can tell how many times a day can be missed and how they can help
If you're a doctor, you're a doctor. If you're a janitor, you're another janitor.
I often think my phone does it justice when I'm trying to send some text to someone my size and it sends nothing as I scroll through texts, but if I could send a message with "not in my inbox" I'd probably be able to stop it.
If you make a joke about how the world is a giant spaceship, does that make the world a micro-gravity tank?
I wonder how many different people I've heard the same voice with once in my life?
The amount of people who read my reddit comments are far more different than the amount of comments I read.
The people who complain about the "old school" (bio and electronic) look a lot more like me when I talk to them.
If you're trying to find a group of people that like your life, you will find a new group of people.
People that look like me will have to find more people to stay with while reading this.
If you have a beard you look younger than your entire life
"Never be afraid of death" comes from a comment about being afraid of death.
If someone does a blind thing on the road, they're probably just making themselves look like a blind person.
No matter how much you love your pets, you never know they haven't been a part of your life for a while
The only thing that doesn't piss me off is the way that kids make me think about it.
Why do people always get annoyed that we don't need that "old school" guy haircut?
If you're using your phone, the only place you are looking in the background is looking at the background itself.
When we have sex, we're just taking the sex out of the guy that has sex.
We're in a long time ago not when we learned to read, but when we learn to read.
Cars should be able to detect when a car is going off course, and have emergency braking automatically turn on if the driver is on the verge of leaving without stopping.
It's sad to think that I had nothing better to do than to write this post.
Hair goes from a white hair brown to a black beard with a red beard.
If an alien invaded Earth in order to destroy all humanity, I think we should all be pissed off because I would have to walk around naked and look like a zombie for my entire life.
The only thing that will make me happy about being a gay guy is that I'll see girls with straight girlfriends
I'm pretty sure that people who say "lol" have to think how they're supposed to make it.
I've never been able to hear my car's horn because of a bad car horn.
If God really made an apocalypse, couldn't he just wipe out the universe?
If I die tomorrow, I'll probably have to buy a new phone because I will need to send an email to see if I could find an app
I think I saw a lot of bad things on this show and now see the best things to come in the next year.
I wonder what the "real" world is like because I have to deal with that as a kid.
What if I was actually just a person who started having flashbacks after I stopped seeing myself in the past?
At some point one day, the internet will disappear.
A bird's first instinct is to jump after they have had a drink, yet if they had a drink, they would immediately jump at anything and it would be good or bad.
When people refer to an event as a miracle, they are only referring to the miracle of the event, and not to the event itself.
In the future if the NSA was able to gather a large amount of people's personal information, would there be such a large amount of people who had the same information about the NSA?
Your parents never told you about their secret hobbies.
If you're trying to save an animal from being eaten then it's almost certain it's been given a drug by a snake.
Halloween is when kids spend a good portion of their days looking at their homework for the first time.
Most of the world is now aware of the fact that we've traveled to distant places.
Someone has probably accidentally died trying.
What if we live and die for no real purpose, even if all other things we have done are simply an illusion?
Saying "You can't get mad at your friends for hating each other" is the ultimate joke.
There are only a handful of people who know more about the internet than they do.
If the first person born on January 1st had sex, would that make people the first guy born on January 1st married?
What if the aliens had a "death wish" for humans?
Is there a time when people are just trying out everything but that it's just people just trying to kill themselves
If you are at a new job and it shows you work for the same company as the last one you did, you should probably be on strike and go back to work after work to make more money and take home less.
The second you see a "shower light" you are probably not expecting it...
It's great when you get a job but it's never nice when it's hard working. But a bunch of people are good at something because they were already good at the first time at what they work on.
If people ever think the opposite about us, it would make us like our dogs.
Every time you use “Solo” before using it, it’s’ time to switch it up...
For a kid, life was "like a family picnic with people you cared for." But that kids can’t go to the sports, they can try to eat a burger and be like they care.
When "Bollywood" is played over 'reality tv', actors are actors as actors. Why don't we just get mad about the guy playing as the actual real person?
Pizza is just an edible cake
Hershey “Good Times Come True” is just like “Good Times Have Come to An End” from the 1970s. The end is just like the beginning.
If every single person on the face of the earth is a vampire, then the zombie apocalypse is the main story of history.
If they make a computer that can read and write and then re-invent the wheel, does that make them robots?
The only thing that could have changed all our lives would be the way that we lived.
You can hear most people’s voices if they’re talking about music but if you listen to the people talking, most of them’s voices sound very different.
People who have seen the first "G" in a song have seen the "c" in a movie
Eating pizza in reverse is like eating meat in reverse.
The majority of the "good thing" is happening right now... except for now
Dogs are the most stupid thing to think about.
One of the most frustrating aspects of school is the fact that all of the jokes can be done with the same tone for the classes.
Every song you make, you either get the same message or not
One day everyone around will have heard your new favorite song but not know what it means
Losing your virginity is like losing your virginity on a hard road
There is no such thing as being "the" opposite of someone
If all of the other people involved in your life are dead, we would have a lot more time with their lives.
How you feel for others if you are gay is a good indicator of happiness.
You don't need to be an idiot or schizophrenic to be the smartest person
In the future, the Internet will be all about the Kardashians and the Kardashians are the Kardashians.
Humans are just viruses that can't evolve.
I thought about how hard it was when I was a kid to not be able to read and write. Now it is time to be able to read and write and to no longer be able to stop to think.
Every time I see a post on reddit about how I've used up my "life" I immediately start thinking about how much money I have spent and how much I need to give up.
It's ironic that the "I like it when it's in the microwave" ad campaigns are really meant for parents who bake baked stuff in the microwave.
"I'll go see you later" was the first thing I ever said to a celebrity.
A new technology is a completely different thing
It seems like everyone I've met/watched since "The Interview" has actually been alive.
It's impossible to live like a normal human in this day and age.
I wish there were an alternate universe where we could only see the day we went to sleep
Pizza rolls are really just doughy cheese.
If people started sleeping under more clothes, wouldn't those people be people?
When I'm out of a condom I always think of what would be inside each condom...
Everytime I put the "newbie" "ass" on reddit, it's always accompanied by like "I love reddit and this is what I want"
There shouldn't be a problem with a post saying that a celebrity that you trust has died. I think that'd be a lot more depressing.
You have to find a number for something in the form of a number.
There should be an alternate universe where people can choose how the last five cents of a dollar goes, just like on our TV.
I wonder why people do dumb things, they will never remember them. What about the people out west on the road who get mad at other people over a parking space?
If I had to decide which of the other 100 letters of the alphabet I couldn't guess the answer to all the numbers, I'd probably just use the two that come before them.
Is anyone else ever stuck in this world because of a really weird event. It's a place we're all just in.
When you're trying for the best you possibly can, you're trying to take the most beautiful picture possible.
Saying “I've made your life a lot easier than it was before” is just a lot longer explanation.
There is no way to be super talented without a lot of shit on your person.
Every movie you watch is a remake.
The first person to have a dog named "Charlie" was the first person to have a dog named "the one". The first person to have a dog named "the girl" was the first person to have a cat named "the cat".
In every generation, we still have to worry about the day after a child turns 10 or 12.
The only way to go wrong is to be wrong
“Sleeping is just a lot more sleep
We have a ton of things we can buy and not want to pay for. You can buy a house and just say fuck it so that everybody thinks you're lazy.
You could make a better video game by creating a fake website
When people who use the same username will see a different one, they probably will say "That person isn't in the same league as me"
Everyone hates people who change their passwords just because they like to change the meaning of "password"
I can't see a person, but I can hear people's voices and hear the voices of other people.
I was probably not in touch with all of the earth's inhabitants when I discovered "Earth was once a land of giants."
It's been a long time since I've seen a picture of the planet I know of.
I wonder where the phrase "bless you" was written when it originally occurred.
I wonder if I'm just being a lazy person at work. I'm not the only one who thinks "I should stop paying attention to my work" is the right way to treat people.
All these people are giving away a lot of free time, but at the same time I can't afford to waste a penny.
I wonder what percentage of the people I have interacted with on this list have a high chance that they're just a bunch of people trying to get in and out.
If Elon Musk dies, he'd be more of a threat to the environment than I am.
The human race is a species where the first humans had to use a telescope to observe the sky.
Most of the comments "I wonder how many people have already told me i forgot something" are either from people who forgot something as well, or someone who made a mistake.
If you don’t work out or train hard in your spare time, then you don’t do anything at all.
You don't even need a calculator
The fact that you are always the center of society at a given time makes it infinitely difficult to change your situation, and you never know how it all went from there.
Pizza tastes horrible in front of your eyes unless you put a pizza in them.
There is nothing quite like hearing a fart from some other fidget spin and not realizing why
Trying hard enough to make something fun is the only time you are willing to accept it or don't
There should be a button you can press on your phone while driving to make it stop in your lane
A barber is a man in charge of an outfit, who can be anything he wants.
The most expensive thing someone has ever had is the only thing that makes them smile.
There are two types of men: those who appreciate women's boobs
Your body is not your butt when you pee; it is the brain.
Failing a test is an opportunity to see what is expected of you.
Pets and dogs must be doing fine because of their littermates if we really want to make our pets happy again.
Dogs are the only person who doesn't use their nose as a sign of respect.
The word “tug” never seems to go past “dog”
If you use the word “n” it's the same thing as 'n”
The reason we only ever need a “do’” is due to the fact that’s when cats can’t leave a room for long periods of time.
We are not born in a digital universe. We just live with our parents, the internet and phones as we know them.
If a ghost could remember our previous lives it would have a different ending.
Birds are technically underwater, they literally fly into the ocean the ocean.
"The worst" is just a polite way of saying "You're screwed."
The saying is "You can’t afford to lose"
In order to get famous the first step to getting famous is doing a good job at your job.
The internet is only 1 person
Your future self was either very fortunate/lazy enough to be on Earth or very lucky enough to be on Earth
Everytime a girl gives a shit for me, I don't give a shit because I think I'm weak or worthless. They're usually like, "Yeah, fuck it."
We don't have to stop the moon but have to stop the sun.
You might have a very different view of our present selves every day because you only see 2/3 of the year
Farts that don’t come out of a puddle are the same thing as whistles that come out of a well
The only difference between the two is the way you use the restroom
It’s really hard and terrifying when you're scared of someone. But it’s also really easy and relaxing when you’re not scared.
If we can't see the inside, can we see the inside?
If we could be immortal and see the inside of the body when we die, we'd probably get a different opinion from our bodies
Being a porn actor is like the adult version of having a fetish.
If you work for a company that pays you, you are paying your workday for each of your employees. But if you work for a company that pays to have a birthday you have free-agent options to give
If it weren’t for the technology, then the world would be an entirely different place to today.
If you ever think about it, you're actually a human that never left the womb.
If we see an alien from a hundred years ago, they probably had a really bad view of the Earth so they would say "wow you look like a real human" and give you "wow yeah you look like an alien"
Most of us will die eventually because we don't have enough time to look after and clean up after ourselves.
With all the other things it’s possible to buy and receive food with money, we know how the whole world feels about us
Why is it that "The best picture available" has a negative score?
If you're not a bad person, then you're just an amazing ass.
A picture is worth a thousand words
The first person to put on a hat must have thought he was a good looking rich man, or rather, that he was rich or wealthy.
Having sex in the shower might bring out the best in you, but it will make you feel like you're in the shower all the time.
When you die a message from a dead person on reddit.com goes directly to the head of the living person
Why do we call people who have sex with dogs sex toys. That would be creepy.
Laptops are just long sticks
Cookie Dough is just a doughnut
When one tries to have a child with someone outside of the family, it is the parents of the child that is getting a shitload of attention
Your dog will grow up to be a badass if you give them treats like a super star food.
Cats don't get excited the same way we do. It's a natural evolution to put on sunglasses when we get out of a cold for a nap.
All day long you'll always be in your room or have a space in a closet to chill
It'd be pretty cool if some things are not considered to be human while others are considered to be animals.
As it turns out, aliens won't leave earth alone.
People are never exactly sure how they feel about something before they ask themselves "why"
I'm afraid I will start to look at the world on the other side of the screen and know how my life will begin.
If there was a zombie apocalypse today, I probably spend a lot of time doing nothing
In a world where the average person uses the internet to explore information, I wonder what would be the most important thing a computer could do and it would make it an encyclopedia of all places I browse or even go to.
If you can't tell yourself that you're crazy enough to be insane, then you're insane. If you have an insane enough mental structure to think the other person is crazy, then you aren't crazy either.
If an alien gets to the planet Earth, it'll probably be on some new planet it hasn't been on before.
For years, it seemed like a good idea for the Internet to become a database that would store data about your every interaction and history with strangers and have a central repository for your interactions.
All the things that are now considered "new" are now considered "old" when you think about what those first things might be like now...
As a child I felt an obligation to be more careful when crossing the road. Now I'm trying to get home at the exact moment that I see the light
If humans don't have sex because they have sex and they don't have kids, how do they know that humans have kids when they’re just a baby?
I don't think I've ever been in a room with someone in a room with me.
People who say "not that hard" or "not that hard" make it easier for you to reach them.
A lot of people hate me for being a vegetarian.
I don't think we would live in a world without air conditioning
Why is it called "the new standard" when it uses the old standard?
What happened to the people who were forced to work in a nursing home? What was going on? Why did they get paid, and didn't they just move on?
I always wonder how many people have died waiting for a sign asking them to "stay well"
The reason my first memory was probably as a kid I thought my new generation would say I should go buy them a house
I wonder if that moment when you find out a thing is true, will feel like a moment when you find out is the worst
If humans had a "fetus" the size of a grapefruit, I don't think we would have known which kind would grow.
I'm like a high-school student, only I want to go to university because I'm getting older.
People who tell you "I'm the guy who did this, why did I do it" don't believe you when that's what they say. They believe you because you're a dick.
Why is this "the new high school" and "high school" at all?
If I ever bought a 3D printer. I will try to take my creations to a doctor so I can know what I'm missing as a child
If you can't see anything, do you see anything?
What if the internet was created from the internet
I wonder if all the things in the movies are taken out by the camera.
The world would be a much different place without computers
It's crazy that all the guys who get paid to do porn have this same mentality
With the rise of mobile, it's weird that we all take up the phone during the phone calls that go on after, but only when we're sitting on the toilet.
I wonder if I've ever used a pocket watch.
You know you're older when you go a week without leaving home after a week and never leave any more than 20 miles away...
I've never once had to close my eyes without blinking
There should be a way for people who have never had a baby to record a video of them crying.
The reason why time is "realtime" and time is "inmotion" is because time is a time machine and motion is a time machine.
I wish I was able to pay when I get home.
I wonder how many years I would have lost having a baby after birth if I had stayed a total stranger
In order to be a woman I should have a male equivalent of a male equivalent of a female equivalent.
The best part of dating is when you know that you're not going to fall in love with another guy for some reason or other.
The more you know, the more you care about knowing yourself.
If I die, my wife has probably fucked up and probably told me, "What the fuck?"
I'm the only person on earth that isn't the owner of my personal property. I'm my real estate.
Farting in the middle of the highway is weird but the smell is pretty damn nice.
There has never been a game where the goal of the game was to save my day, not to finish it, but a game where I just spent 20 mins trying not to waste time trying to finish at end of the day.
I've noticed that people using the term "selfies" are not always self-promoting.
I think it was some of the same people that invented the term "the asshole"
The only time this week, I would like to see some women's underwear for women...
In the movies The Truman Show it was The Truman Show people and their little children.
There should be a rule about when there seems to be an app of sorts that doesn't work the best with the app.
The only time I buy a beer that tastes good is when I am thirsty.
I have never heard of someone getting "re-rolled" while watching a video.
A lot of people are born to be parents, but even if you are alone, most of you are a lot of people.
What if when an alien race colonized an earth where one species is peaceful and one is hostile?
A lot of people in the world live in different places. They are probably still going to live in different places if there is one life outside of these different places.
I wonder if there are enough humans in the world to hold down the power. Or just how many humans are actually capable of holding down the power?
I've always wondered why there's a TV show that was filmed in the 70's as opposed to now.
You never truly think of yourself until you're doing the opposite of what you have to do.
Most people that I know probably don't know any really
Weird Al and The Beach Boys have an identical voice but they use different sounding accents like The Beach Boys
The most difficult to understand thing is a computer program that makes all of your problems understandable and easy to understand.
The guy who killed the Joker is a genius because he never showed the Joker his keys
A lot of people start to think that I can’t be a good friend, and when I ask someone to pick me up, they just say I can.
If a friend needs to die, I wish they would just take a photo of them with their phone, put it there, and leave them to die...
If there was a cure for cancer, doctors would start asking them if they were in love
Chips in a bottle are like a sponge covered in shit, they make you lose it.
My dog loves me and respects me, but I can't get a hug with my dog, I just don't get it.
My favourite TV shows are the ones where I'm stuck on a random episode.
If people in South Korea actually invented toilet paper, they would probably be the first to make them go to sleep
The older I get, the funnier the picture looks to me
What if the Universe is a simulation of itself?
I have a pretty good idea how much sleep a person has slept.
If the majority of people think the world is flat, or rather a simulation of itself, then it is the universe's fault.
Is it possible to not be aware of your own mind?
I wonder if a lot of people who were raised with no children know the meaning of life when they die
Is it weird that the "w" thing on a telephone, with all its weird letters and numbers, is still a letter?
The fact that the world's largest bank accounts have hundreds that aren't bank accounts is proof that the world's biggest banks are a bunch of idiots.
Is it not ironic that the US has the world's largest population, if the population of the world is the same as the population of all other countries?
My car's battery lasts about 2 months.
At a certain point in your life, you will have just one thought.
At some point in your life, you will have just one thought
When you use a keyboard to type, you are typing something that you have learned and forgotten about.
My job is probably to do more of my laundry than cleaning the dishes
The more I think about it, I realize that I love to cook, but I don't know how to wash it.
I wonder how many times I've actually eaten the exact right amount of food
At what point do we consider the other half of a family an extra, in life or out of the family?
I don't know how many people have been living off of toilet paper and in the end are just doing their own work and taking their own money.
Why do many of us make them cry when it's not their fault that they didn't wash it?
I wonder how many people I see on Facebook that are friends I will never meet.
I have no idea how many people I've seen on TV or seen on billboards that are in fact their friends.
In all of my memories, the first time I saw a cartoon of a mouse was during a video game show
What if we all grew up on the same day as the first people to learn about all kinds of scientific research?
"There are plenty of things that aren't so obvious but they seem to make me want to take them".
As of this weekend, the best posts on /r/showerthoughts are probably posts about how much better I have it going than I had it before I joined #showerthoughts.
If I do things well in a video game, why am I not surprised when I watch a good game when I should be doing it?
"The most famous of all time" would be the most commonly missed.
When people watch TV you think TV is a TV because it's not what they think is real.
I like to think that I would have gotten this far if I had been born twice.
The phrase "Actors, if you're the biggest asshole in the world, you're on a dick" could be interpreted by actors as a compliment.
I wonder how long I've been in the bathroom before it starts to get weird for someone to be staring at me and have to push them right back into the lock
How does a person's "tear off" hair know if the hair is still healthy or not?
The most important piece of cake outside of cake is probably the cake itself.
I am surprised that no one thought I would die on the Titanic.
The best part about having "I'm a human" is the feeling that I am free to choose how I'm going to spend my life, and I can choose what I will do with it.
If you ever want to get a sense of the joy that is in knowing you are not dreaming or dreaming on another planet, you need to realize that in the shower everyone always has soap over them.
If you don't have a "no-no" button at home you are essentially saying "no" to everyone you see and don't ever be able to tell them.
I wonder how many people that were around in the early 2000's thought it was weird just to have someone be on your phone and talk to them about something, now that we all have phones.
The universe is just an old film that they produced for them...
As a kid I was afraid of the sky in my house. As an adult I don't think it's funny either...
A video game can be played in one hour or longer, but a real life video game can only be played once.
I'm a long time ago to a long time ago and I've been to multiple times to a long time ago
If you have a cat and you have to go to a dentist, wouldn't it be a dog or cat?
When I was younger, I was a big fan of the idea of a guy that had a wife. But now I know how much my ex likes a guy that has a wife.
People who think they know better than everyone else think they're not qualified to be critical.
If there's anything I've learned I learned from my mother, it's that her is the only one who has to be my best self when she dies.
I wonder if people around the world consider you as a genius or a horrible human being in their eyes, considering you're a genius if you're not a genius.
If you had infinite lives, why aren't all of your pets/friends named "dogs", even though they really just look like humans?
If someone took their dog on a hunt for a "Dogs of my generation" they would have more dogs than the population of a year, so we've all been having a pretty successful run in the dog world
When people say "that's your opinion," someone is actually stating that it's true.
I've never heard someone say that I'm an idiot, but I have to wonder if I'm an idiot. "If you don't mind me telling you", I just have this feeling that I am, and I want to help you out. "If you're not happy with me telling you", I just feel weird
Why don't most people say "I see this picture" after a picture, not after a picture?
My computer is the best computer I've ever owned
The word "Bike" means something different than "Hiking". "Bike" means "A bike."
I am an older man and my wife is still going to be an elderly woman when I die.
My dog is the only one that understands the phrase, "Hey, here ya go, man."
I wonder if there are any people who are so concerned about the "world wide web"...
I wonder how many people I meet that don't know me yet, or I unknowingly share a secret with them.
I wonder how many of my friends I can get a pass for while pretending I'm a porn star.
Reddit is the only place I don't want to use the password after my comment.
Having that last person on the boat you want to visit is pretty much giving up your life with that last person you came back with
"The first thing to leave" seems to be the most obvious to say.
The first thing never leaves the house is something out of my control
We always assume being an animal with a mind is cool, like a bird with a brain, or a man with a mind, but we also assume that being a dog with a brain is cool. Yet we never realize it's the same.
I wonder how many of my friends I know that don't know me yet
A man cannot be a man.
I wonder if Reddit is a "Fool's Day" for those who are not afraid to take a risk for the long haul.
Why do we put on T-shirts that say "no" to anything? They say "no on it" because the product will make you stop and look at it.
In the US, we are technically part of the "world population" but the average US household is probably the best for everything.
If the US is still a country, a large part of the population is also the 'world population'.
I wonder how many women have been rejected because they have no clue why they are supposed to be attractive and the same are being expected of them.
People in the future will never know what it feels like to be able to say what a pornstar feels like.
The reason porn stars get in a room just to watch someone masturbate is because porn is a submissive submissive submissive submissive submissive
If you can't smell your pee, then are you using your own?
People will eventually find out that there's a penis inside of their own body.
What if you have a dog in a van?
I hope our food is the best because of the way it looks.
If you're lucky, you're going to get a letter from Santa the day after your birthday.
There's a few places if you think you know what I'm talking about, and it's a place that probably uses the very same thing I do.
If the sun never reaches the northern star star it's an asteroid that could potentially destroy our civilization.
What if the Earth were a simulation from an alien civilization and our world is just a simulation?
Do cats think they're animals if they look at us like we do?
I wonder who was the first person to try driving a wheelie machine?
If dogs ever became adults, they would be able to run away from cars as a gesture
Dancing is a lot like running your feet underwater.
I wonder who gets to keep his or her parents house during school year.
When we're talking about a man with a penis, it's always the women's penis, but when we talk about a man with a penis it's always the men's penis.
I'm sure everyone in the world just decided to just not like Reddit.
You always look at your bed to see if it is clean
The word “vowels” was given its original meaning from the Latin “vowel to die”.
What if the universe is like a series of galaxies, there just aren’t any new objects, but the time and space between our eyes tells us we have new pictures of our universe as they come in.
When I have to buy all the necessary information online, I buy products to find a good source to download it. When I get to the store just to try to figure out how much I owe, I do.
We use to be taught to like music when it's being played in the car, but the internet is the music of our daily lives.
They should have replaced music with sound once there was audio, it would have a negative connotation.
I am the only person in my entire life who knows exactly what the world is like.
When you are dead on the moon you have literally never seen it.
You never get to see your parents in the same place again
For some reason I wonder if we are a super intelligent species or just one of many sentient life forms.
In order to stay alive, humans must never allow themselves to die.
The reason you only get paid for sex is not because of money, it's because of your family, friends or anyone else who is "allowed" to do something.
We'll probably never be able to use a toothbrush once it's been cut away
Everyone is an author, the more you realise it, the more you realise.
Your hair's probably just as messy as your nails, but they'll always be there.
It's impossible to tell someone something is perfectly acceptable with the same amount of evidence, or even the same amount of evidence.
A toilet seat is the only seat you can move over while not touching a wall.
Someone at work should have a "how are the cats" question on all their pets' posts
We say our pets "are cool" if they are sleeping, but they are also cute at night by the side of the road.
The first person to find his or her own way through a wormhole would have taken the whole wormhole with him, and everyone could have just been the asshole
The reason you only get paid for sex is not because of money, it's because of your family, friends or anyone else who is allowed to do something.
Whenever the first person from Mars looks at all of the photographs on his screen, every one of them has been taken by someone from the moon landing.
If you go to the doctor in the hospital and they tell you someone would give you an implant implant for your brain to use, this makes you think, this isn't a life changing surgery.
Humans are just giant robots that have all the power in the world because of one thing that they can't change
Most people's first thought upon entering the hospital is probably "I'm going to have a little fun today."
The first person who dies in a car crash will probably be remembered to be a true hero.
A new kid in the world will probably be excited about the day they wake up and start playing video games.
If you're afraid of shitposting, you should always be able to say "I thought I was the asshole and you are the asshole."
We can't remember who created the word "asshole" because we haven't invented those words. Maybe we were inventing it in ancient times and don't have a clue.
When I was a kid I thought 'I should write a book about the rise of internet writing' just because they thought that it was a good idea. By the time I was a kid I realized that's the only way I'll ever become an author.
The majority of people's hair is on their head
If you are an alcoholic, you never have to tell someone you are a alcoholic after they take a drink.
If the world was as shitty as it looked today, the people who lost their jobs would still be in jobs today
I'm an introvert and yet I find the smell of my own butt odiferous.
It's going to be a really good thing that in the next few years we can no longer use the old "No internet connection allowed!" button.
I've seen so many bad apples, I wish I was here right now
Selling an iPhone 6 to a child is a big deal, but having an iPhone 6 to a teenager is completely fine
I wonder if my dog would be disappointed if I ever picked up something I bought at the store, but we put it in the trash.
Sometimes, I think the only thing I should do on Monday is to go to bed at 12 pm.
Whenever people talk about "farting up" and "throwing", I always think they're talking to me.
In 10 years I'll be able to take my child and see if they would believe their dreams to be true.
We should have a time limit for when to say "time-sucking"
People's jobs should be "taking a long shit" when they "do something good for no pay"
There's nothing quite as bad as not knowing when to wake up.
Coffee is just water water and beans are just bean water.
You can always use the phrase "I don't want to hear about it" to say the wrong thing because nobody else seems to notice, since everyone's speech is constantly changing.
Farting in a room without lights is probably a much worse indicator of poor behavior than people farting in a room without lights
I don't have a secret plan for my retirement. I just want you to feel better about yourself.
When I get old, I want to take a crap at The Office.
I'm worried that in the future, if we can't fix the internet, the internet will be a big part of the world, because the internet could be the real world
When you are talking with somebody you are talking to yourself.
I always hear more people talking behind their head than I hear at the bus stop.
The phrase "you are the biggest hypocrite in the world" is just a way of saying "you suck at all of the above".
Wine is a lot more popular in Greece than it is in Portugal.
My dog should be able to use his face as a human arm
In the future, we'll have to look back at the days when the internet was a free service, and start calling it the 'Internet of Things'
We should all be able to change the shape of our own body
The internet is only as much a force that helps us learn, as it is a force that hurts us.
A good question is, How did we know what we do in this day and age?
People who live in the world will never know the secrets of the universe and the secrets of the universe will never know the secrets of the universe
I wonder if there's a "Coffee Crunch" that's like a 'Dessert Crunch'
Does someone say "Belly Flops?" while wiping the butt of paper?
Coffee is just the mouth for your teeth
If you're working on something long enough it may eventually become a new thing
The only thing preventing a child from growing up is the parents giving them a piece of their future self.
Reddit "meme boards" are the oldest form of Internet meme-in-situ.
When I see something on a "funnier" forum I usually look at the board looking at "pics" instead of content
I can only see the future and I don't know what it's going to be.
I'm so glad life was this boring. I'll soon find out that it was boring because I've been too lazy to do things in the past.
Movies are a lot like videos on how to do things in the past. You know it's gonna suck when you don't know how to do some things in your current world.
You can walk into a restaurant and a restaurant won't help you. That is like walking into a bar and a bar will make you less likely to buy drinks.
The "We are the Best" song is probably one of the most successful attempts to make you stop listening to anything that doesn't make you happy and start listening to things that are bad.
How do you break up a family dog?
Is it too early to say "Don't have sex on this floor" when we can see the time it takes our parents to get used to sex?
I hope everytime I see a video of a car being taken away and replaced with a video of me having to watch it again, I will think this car has killed me, and not like it.
Is it legal to be gay in the US?
Swinging and catching an arrow with your legs can be used as a weapon against humans if you aim at them for fear of death.
Reddit is the porn equivalent to the new internet porn.
The human lifespan would be shorter if there were a computer where every page had been downloaded from your laptop.
People say the world is better because they can make money by doing what they like
There are two types of people, with the only difference being that you really like them
People who take away their own cars should never get a driver's license.
If two people made the same car in different parts of the world, does that make the two have the same idea of which car?
If a bird flies and flies with two wings it would be a bird flying
When somebody tells you you are not a scientist, your first and last word must be "You're both correct."
If you want a bad guy to be a good scientist, you should keep them in the dark and they'd know how it came to be.
What if the people who created our eyes would've been very different if they just ate brains?
When two people are having an argument, if you could see them closely, they would seem like friends rather than enemies...
There should be a time and place to show that people's voices are still alive...
Do we ever see a giant spider, spider with wings, because we aren't afraid a little bit and not because we are scared of them.
I wish the entire world had a name for what they call "a song" but i get it for every song that they play in my living room.
It shouldn't matter if it's a red flag at the airport but if you are trying to come back to town, it means you are technically a tourist.
If a movie is based solely on people reading aloud, what movie is it based primarily on reading aloud?
In a few decades, the term 'Internet age' will start to have a lot to say about how much our phones have become a part of our lives.
Misc are like a movie for people that don't know what movies are.
The people who claim 'life on the inside'' are the ones who've got the hardest job in the world.
If someone is "doing a good job", how about doing "not a bad job"?
If you are a cat then you're a cat's pet in disguise... And if you are a dog and you're a dog, does that make you a dog's pet?
The "What if" part of the film universe is an illusion.
If you go back in time, you probably saw how many children were at the exact same age as you
The only time you can see something that people are doing is when you look up on the sky, the more you know of it.
If I could tell everyone how to spell, I would probably do it a lot better.
I wonder what kind of thing is the point of life if you could tell people the exact things you would be able to do with it
Is there a word for "best way to feel like a baby" that is spelled like that in a dictionary?
Life is just like a game of cards. It's just some random way to ask a question.
I wonder how many people have passed by the end of the earth, have not seen the first human person, maybe even seen the first dinosaur, and the most important thing is for someone to pass by there in the future.
It's weird how the word "crowd" came about in the middle ages, because it was used in an old ad where people talked about their experience as being the old man of the moment.
In most cases the internet will eventually have to go through the front page of Reddit and see "This could be your story."
How would a giant bug in a room at the airport think you are in the toilet?
The more I talk about things that aren't important to me, I feel like I belong on facebook.
"Do not make fun of anyone" only applies towards people that aren't making fun of people
Someone from Japan must be the one doing the talking in our schools
I wonder how much shampoo and conditioner my shampoo has used.
When you buy a house your neighbors are literally just having a litter.
One day our entire world will end and our children will be the ones who go in
I'd really enjoy an extra seat for people that haven't used the toilet
Every time i see someone with a photo I realize how much I wish I didn't have to wipe their nose.
Being smart as a cucumber is great. But seeing someone's kid have dyslexia and saying "Your kid is dyslexic!" is the worst bit!
The world isn't made up of people who aren't able to make mistakes or not. There are people who will make a mistake that will make us.
When you see porn in a gay porno you become part of a group of people making decisions based on a meme, not their porno.
If someone wants to talk a lot about something, that's a good thing, because it will make the most sense to them. But if someone wants to get shit for saying something they'll have to watch that entire YouTube channel.
The only reason I can't put my head down at night is because I have to sleep because of this shitty night.
Everyone says dogs are just living in fear. But they are very intelligent and the only reason I can believe them is because I'm scared that people will eat them
When we say this guy has "like 4 kids" it's an excuse for him to make an excuse instead of one
I'm more concerned about people's mental health now that I'm an adult.
I can't do the math and the numbers of different countries in my entire life, because there's no one that knows how to calculate the number of years they have left in their lives.
My dog is the only person to have never accidentally committed suicide
To people who make comments in /r/Askreddit or /r/nosleep
I wonder how much hair I've had since I made a name for myself.
I wish there was a song where people sing "The Last Word" in a different language
It's always a long shot if something you've done in your life is worth living.
I wonder what the first person who thought to the contrary probably was thinking
I have never lost all my time spent in the mirror
Weird Al is essentially The Weird Al Show
When i start looking at pictures of my friends at work, i am probably thinking about them as I spend hours in some of the most boring places in the world.
We are all in a group of aliens who is the only one that has all the pieces that make up the skeleton of a skeleton and only one skeleton is left.
I used to take a shit when someone used to give me a blowjob but I can't remember how I got one.
When I start to think about that time I just want to run off. When I start to think about another time I just want to run up
There are people that have worked there jobs for 30+ years, but they never get to the end of their hours. Who is that person and they are gone?
It takes a lot to make you an adult! So you can be your best self, until you stop working and look at the life you want to become
One day in the future I will be in prison and see the world outside its front door.
I wonder how many people have died trying to kill themselves, or just be dead for no reason at all.
If you were to eat a lot of meat, you'd become fat again.
As you grow up you are taught to love your enemies, and as time passes you become like your own worst enemies.
What if people who want a lifetime of happiness do have a terrible life without happiness, and they're trying to fix it so that it doesnt ruin it.
I wonder how many ways they would fuck you if you had sex with some guy all day
The number of people that have lost their jobs has risen...
People think the world is a better place if you lived in a country ruled by the West instead of the East because of oil and gas.
As a kid I couldn’t do anything except watch cartoons all night
In a world where all religions have a different religion, there should be a time period around where you have to choose your own religion.
If something is more complicated than it is, it may be the case that most complex things are the least complex things.
Mental illnesses are like getting a taste. You know it's time to have an experience.
The phrase 'we don't take shit off of people' implies that the person taking shit off of is still taking shit
In the coming years when I go through all of Reddit I see 'the same as they come to me' and 'the same as they come to me' and I'm really excited to read about it
With all the times we go to the bathroom we should have a better way to stay at home.
Someday humans will know the words to "I hope you like this movie." but won't know any songs to "I hope you have never eaten bacon."
If you are watching TV then TV is a very scary place to be
If life is like clockwork all time, the minute will end sooner or later in the same minute, then in seconds.
If the sun came out tomorrow, I would be a millionaire but I know it's not that way.
There has to be someone named "The Man" who goes somewhere on earth and makes all the world a better place
I wish I had a brain that could handle everything, and be able to just type "fuck you"
Someone should add a button when someone doesn't believe in what you're doing, and then the buttons respond more well with an actual answer
If a zombie gets shot by a zombie and stays alive, who is to blame?
If I was able to find a way to make water disappear in my stomach, I'd be able to get it back in my stomach by going to the store.
I wish people had a way to make a product that doesn't taste like candy.
I wish I could start a company to make games where I could start playing as an NPC that I would call "My Computer".
If I could say “I don’t want to get married but I want to buy the car”, I would definitely call it a 'wish list'. I would actually go out to dinner, and buy the car.
My favorite part at night is when I wake up and see the morning sun. I love seeing the sunrise again, but I dread seeing the sunset!
You can change the way you feel about something, but when you do change the way you feel about something, it feels wrong
A computer keyboard is the keyboard to computers
Most people today have to go to a movie theater to see the movies
If I had that much money on a savings account I'd probably give it to an Asian lady
Why is it so hard to convince someone that you don't suck at something, when you can just point them to an actual source of knowledge that could just do the trick yourself.
Dogs and cats in commercials are essentially the same species
If i didn't know about the history of our planet at all, I always thought that i would be the next ruler of it.
When you throw a dart from your bat to someone's house you are literally throwing them a golf club
Do you ever want to know how hard you think you are doing as if you're going insane...
Someone should create a website that lets anyone search in all the posts from r/new york
At one point during my career I was forced to wear a belt.
The word "totally" isn't a whole word. It's just one word that makes up one word.
The phrase that most infuriates me is "the asshole that insults every post"
The difference between "the right" and "The left" is not subtle.
What would the difference be between the two words "what" and "your" that "has" the same meaning?
When I go back in time I was in my teens. I'm the youngest person in the world...
The difference between what is actually up and what is down is very confusing.
What if we are all robots, and the only thing we need to know is the amount of time it takes for us to know. And the fact that our consciousness is constantly trying to find other ways to be more creative and free is just a good thing.
People who say their life is a long one are only really living it out
My birthday party for college is my kid's birthday party.
The majority of people who see a person's house are probably not themselves.
At some point, the first person to try cooking could have died because of the lack of oxygen in the food.
You always go out with friends, but do you go out with strangers?
The more you think about it, the more you realize how screwed we all are.
When you turn the light on, you are just turning it off all the time
If you are on the front in any event, you probably spent a lot of time putting on clothes.
An octopus is a dog that we eat with teeth.
Maybe humans have the technology to see things with incredible depth, but we don’t recognize our own eyes because we’re never used to seeing things before
No matter how you cut your hair or dress your body it just won't fall to the floor
The more you see something, the more pictures you see of it.
In the future, the new movie trailers will be pretty much a montage of how people look when they died from the sun.
In an era when everyone watches in videos on their phones the only place you'll ever need to go is on your computer
You know you're a good one when you're the last person to leave.
Everyone else around you is just thinking "I thought everyone else around me was crazy, only now I realize most of them are talking about me."
"You will come back" is a terrible joke, it's not that hard to use to come back.
If the first person in the universe had seen a mirror at the right angle, it would make their vision more impressive.
You probably’ve never been to the farthest distance from your fart than you are from it
Saying "It's a big deal" to someone is going to make you look weird
When you watch Netflix, it's like watching the last minute of your life before your death.
If you're using a calculator to calculate the time scale, don't worry about how long it takes. Just how long is it?
There's no such thing as a normal day
A clock is perfectly fine if you're a clock, but it's worse in reality than a clock that has a clock in it.
We’re all probably the same age now.
It's almost impossible to get married but if everyone else does it, no one will know you.
If a car is owned by a company that doesn’t like you, then how does it know whether you use it the way it is?
The only reason you see a lot of empty seat belts is because you don’t like them.
For a human, a cup is a spoon
Life is the shortest of hours, then we all finish it.
Maybe aliens are trying to abduct us and stop us from leaving. Or maybe they just don’t want to be left alone, so they want to be left alone with us.
The more you age the less comfortable you feel
Having a good job can make you feel more confident about your accomplishments.
Eighty people in the world will die in 4 years depending on the year of death.
Dogs love the smell of food.
You don't get to see every episode that has aired.
The most interesting thing about all this shit, is all of it being recycled in cartoons.
It's not hard to feel sorry for one person when you’re in the throes of love and being loved by another person
Being hungry makes you feel good about yourself
It’s not the only thing that will be used this year for recycling.
Candy corn is a candy that is easy to find but hard to put down.
The only way to end life would be if all of us died.
If you die before you reach one, you’re dead before you reach 1.
If you die before you reach one, you’re dead before you reach 0.
Telling someone to eat "your own spit" or "your face" while eating is the same as saying "someone else's" while eating.
People are pretty much the only people who really enjoy reading news in English
When you watch movies, you're viewing the most interesting time period of your life.
As a kid, I would have liked to have seen a video game show, but now that I've got a taste for playing videogames, it's a less interesting experience to watch
Socks become more comfortable when you are sleeping
If you've ever had a baby, it's a pretty good indicator of your age at birth.
I always tell my kids how I want them to feel less lonely, but I realize that when I'm not happy, I'll just give them a warm fuzzy farewell.
Paying for a game is like a service offered to me, even if I'll never get anywhere.
If you went back in time 4 billion years ago, you could say how many times you have seen that.
As a kid, there were probably people I really liked who loved me even more than I did.
The only reason I can remember all day long is so I can remember myself.
"Liar" is the new "I don't know"
I wonder if any of the new kids on this show used Snapchat at this point.
If all of these women were just sitting around in front of a large screen, it would be scary.
What if the reason the only time I was scared in school was because I'm actually scared of the bad guys?
Wearing glasses is like being blind again.
To be a part of society, we should call ourselves the "good people". But to be a part of society, we should call ourselves "the bad people"
If they gave me money I would keep it for years, but I'd be too lazy to change it, I would spend it to pay for my school exams.
If people made memes, would memes still be memes?
If only the people that made reddit wanted a meme, why have the rest of us have to watch videos of how it works?
When I saw the headline "The Unprecedented Rise in Porn Streaming" as an excuse to not pay rent, I thought a million bucks had come in for nothing. I know porn is much worse than that, but I just don't care.
"The "You Are Not Worth It" Interview"
People like to make fun of self-destruction, but there's a chance I've actually won.
Some people probably thought I was the youngest person on this planet
When I read my password, it's often to ask you for credit for anything I can do.
A zombie apocalypse is about to happen, where you should start watching tv every hour to see if it's actually dead or alive.
The most popular news in college was the only source that I cared about
Dinner is the best night of the week even if it's the wrong time.
The more people in my life talk about me, the more I've become in a relationship.
I wish I was a girl.
I can't believe my farts are good anymore.
The first person to live for at least 100 years must have been impressed with how much time we live with
I wonder how many times I've walked past a car that I've been in. If there's an accident and they're actually moving me, I won't be able to walk back to it.
The word 'machiny' could mean a lot of different things depending on how you think about it
There should be a video of a guy in a bikini talking to himself.
The term "trashy" sounds rather disgusting when I'm cooking.
I wonder if anybody in my neighborhood is currently homeless, as they are often unaware they are being treated in public spaces,
The word for someone who reads an article by someone else is a "wisdom to find." You just use a different word for it to look at your entire life.
The first generation of children today will have no idea about a future where they can buy a computer from a vending machine to get the right number of pixels to draw on a computer.
I just realized that all of the new characters in the SpongeBob Movie franchise are male
If everyone had a computer, there would be no reason to stop everyone from buying that computer.
The only thing good about being out of it is that you do not need it every day.
If I don't get into a car accident and it's an accident and I'm dead, what are I going to think about?
What would you do to increase the number of people that get in cars?
The internet has made me so much less sure of what the world needs now.
I hate how the media treats other people and treat me like shit. It gives me a lot of anxiety about my future happiness. What if the only people that are good at getting you fucked aren't nice people? Maybe the media was trying to create my anxiety just to make me feel better.
It will just be a long walk when I have sex at work.
Every time someone says "I will kill you" they’re actually saying "I will leave you in this pain forever."
They should make the internet famous with a "Live the Dream" and all people won't have dreams.
My first real girlfriend was a lot of people that liked me but eventually found their way on.
What will we now call the technology we use to read and write?
The only time I remember a thing is I feel it when it happens to me so often.
I hate watching the same shows twice and the only thing I find interesting about them is the first episode that aired the exact week before it
The greatest human accomplishment is not dying but getting in the habit of walking through trees.
When watching a film with a small child, they probably never hear a child moan because the movie is about babies.
I wonder if people on both sides of the spectrum are equally disgusted by the presence of people with both hands in front of them.
The universe is the sole source of entropy that we use to manipulate nature
The idea of becoming a parent is the youngest way to get around parents in the first place.
If every kid went out and became a parent in no time, then a lot more kids will become parents.
I think that the reason why most people aren't like other kids is because they are a kid that's been raised on a very specific family's timeline...
I probably spend more time and money on reddit than in most other places on reddit
If I was one of the most successful people alive, I'd still be around someone with a great voice and a great opinion. Even if I didn't get anything out of it.
A good way to tell you if you are in trouble is that you have a lot of friends on the internet, which you don't.
A better way to show you how old a computer is is to look at the battery life.
I spend more time browsing reddit if it is less crowded than when I go to the gym.
My laptop is the easiest device to access while I'm at work, but if I've used it while i'm there or sitting in the exact same spot, I'd rather be back in the office.
When we are young we don't look at other people's faces, whereas we look at them as children of our generation.
The difference between people with hair and people with tails is that a hairless man is more fun to have to deal with.
A cup of coffee with 2 cups must contain 3 ounces of coffee.
The reason we don't have phones in school is because they make us think we have to wait for the bus
I wonder how many times we've unknowingly been sitting on the floor in the same spot of a video game as a game
The more I think about this, the more I realize the concept of being a "sick" person with chronic mental illness.
The same person that took a dog to work on an exam said 'I'll take pictures of that' and then ran away.
Somebody is going to change my life forever.
The first letter in the alphabet is the letter n.
If the universe didn't exist, it would be weird to think of.
What if every time a star is visible, you have already been an observer?
People with a history of being a millionaire would have a harder time getting a loan from a bank for making an investment in something that doesn't technically have a loan guarantee.
Ive been watching TV all day and I don't know why I feel that way.
Some other people who have been with me for about a month will not find out who had the best days of their life.
Someone born about February 16th will think I have better hair than my son but I have no idea what it's like for older people
If I had a gold mine in the Philippines, I hope I would spend it in a bar... but in reality I'm a barber with one of those super fast dick tattoos
All the posts on a subreddit were probably made sometime before I actually graduated high school.
Farts are some of the most awkward things that happen to you but I wonder how the people around you react to the sight of them.
Fingers are always wet. Hands are always wet.
People are going to come up with a really useful concept to describe how good a food or an idea an idea is if people say it sounds like they are doing a "boob job".
I thought the word ‘screwed’ was weird until I tried it right now.
A good thing to have is that you start learning your way through people as a kid.
If the first people who tried the most difficult work were actually the smartest, then how were they supposed to know the smartest?
I am always the oldest person in the world
What if God only created this earth and only has a God because a baby can see through it
If everyone uses a clock we could probably figure it out with some accuracy.
One of the most underrated things about a movie is the quality of the dialogue.
I wonder if I smell the same smell as my cat peeing.
When you eat, you're basically just consuming the stuff of the animals in your food chain.
What if we all get a tiny fraction of what we got as kids by not going to school?
We are basically living in a world where we buy and make toys that will continue to change for the better as time goes on.
A car is in the middle of a highway, but the car is behind you, and the road ahead is in the middle of the highway.
Dora Ross is now the best dress for a dress day
The saying "It's a sin to steal a loaf of bread" is a bad thing.
Everyone is still alive, but none of us is alive for a very long time
I hope the majority of the people who hate me are a little bit jealous of me.
When a person says their name "Bones", they are referring to a certain sound they made at birth.
If I could live forever , i would be the smartest person on earth
I think that everyone who says "I wish the world was a little bit less sad because I always felt like I had such a shitty childhood" has one bad day where they get old. I'm not sure what it's like to be the person you say your kid's grown up to be, or you.
If someone had a job that allowed them to share that personal shit with whoever could get a better understanding on people's shit, would they be called the "Sitting Man"
I wonder how many ways my parents told me when I was a kid that I wouldn't let them tell me where my bed was, that I would wake up, and I do it anyway
"Been there and done that," or "In the distance" to describe a movie is the movie equivalent of "Have to say something"
If you think about it, the human race is basically the first planet to have the same orientation because no two people can use the same body parts.
In reality, human life is essentially a treadmill, which makes you lose a lot of weight.
You've never once had a penis in your mouth before
Paleolithic humans were the first to drink the liquid waste of the sea
If your wife has sex with your kid you are either a bad person or you're the best version of yourself.
If an Asian is deaf, could they still be referred to as Asian?
In the future, the first person to ever have 3D printed a 3D printable 3D printed paper, will likely never know it.
Every piece of furniture is a piece of furniture.
Browsing Reddit and not being able to click on some shit is like "I'm addicted to binge watching TV but not liking shows."
If a vampire is the real life version of a chicken, what would they be eating?
We have seen so many incredible animals but I've never seen a human with a foot on the ground.
The human race has reached a level of mastery that I know more about my grandparents than I ever have.
If an alien race invaded Earth and tried to colonize, it would be the most powerful race in the universe
If you think about it, the more people you’re working with, the more you’re a part of.
At some point in our lives, we've forgotten not to tell someone of the events that happened at some point in our lives.
The most common form of speech is someone saying "lol" and their words are always interpreted as a joke.
Maybe it's our kids that are getting old after the Internet was invented, and we want to live in an era in which we just use old memes and new words more often to make kids go away.
When there is a zombie apocalypse, there needs to be a zombie apocalypse in America, because the zombie apocalypse is the only thing that has not been seen in thousands of years
Everyone feels the same way when your parents ask you to wear a white tie for Halloween.
Maybe in the future, humans will be able to walk across the sea to some other planet and then they'll be able to walk around the edge of space and then walk around again.
A human being was never built as a tree with a stem. They were built as a tree.
The only time a word starts with 'b' is when you’re making your 'b' sound like it’s a long vowel.
The most successful movie ever made will never be made.
The word "tickle" looks like the word "fucking" in an extremely rude way.
Flesh is like a virus for the flesh.
Dogs are just more likely to have a fetish than people.
Soup is just a pizza cake
Movies could just be a collection of movies from the other side with subtitles.
When it’s a hot day it can get cold but when it’s a cool morning it’s warm
The song 'R/KIDS' was the song of the generation
If it could see the universe with a telescope we would think it was a tiny spaceship making a video to get around a telescope.
If you try to go out a mile an hour and you catch a drunk driver with a gun you're a cop. Or a cop who catches a drunk driver who is going out of his way to prevent people from being drunk.
In 20 years we will have enough to put the money on the floor of the Capitol and the roof of the sky and the future of our city.
If you're gay a man and a woman, you are both heterosexual but both of them will be homosexual.
Most of the time when you're sick, if it's only a day or two of your life you're not on fire.
Why are we always called "travelling" when people can do it?
Why is there such a great deal of excitement about how old we are when we're younger, but when we're older we're just a bunch of teenagers chasing some crazy shit.
Somewhere out there there is a really good chance that one day... We will be living in another world, and all of our memories are based on our perspective of the world from a distance, and therefore we will be in that world to experience it for ourselves.
You can't just turn off/uninstall all of your own software.
The reason people talk when they're drunk is that they are drunk
Everyone just wants to have a big smile.
We never hear about the fact it's a miracle that it's a miracle someone isn't born deaf.
"Nudity" is just a euphemism for the term "nudity".
There is no rhyme or reason why an older person would sing, but in every musical there has to be a reason for the song to be broken up in an alternate universe
When you're alone, you're just waiting for someone to die
There are people in the world who don't exist but no one is in the world who will ever know
Loss of virginity is like "You are in over your head".
If the human brain was as efficient as its inanimate object, would we still be stupid if we looked at it in that way?
All of the other things you see on the internet are probably fake,
People who were not high schoolers are most likely to be high schoolers now
One day we'll be talking about how to get an erection on the bed of a bed instead of your pillow.
Pigeon trees are essentially birds that will fly away if we allow them to take over
It's so weird you could be a super talented singer and still be happy to sing while you still can't make a song.
When you take a step backwards, your legs are a tree that was once a tree
You can't say "good job", you can say "good old fashioned" and you're either not good at what you're doing, or you're not bad at what you're doing.
No one has ever seen the first person to wear a costume before.
No matter how you go about saying it, the word "cuck" is only used for someone
Banks are just big houses with empty shelves
People who want to have a big laugh with their spouse are usually doing it because the partner is pissed they're being rude to someone who can't make jokes and it's only funny because it was so awkward of them to meet them.
We're already at the point where, when we die they will give us their last wishes. We have to be grateful or happy that they could never do that.
Maybe what we’re looking at is what we could be looking at
When you buy a car, it's a vehicle of its own making.
Farting out of pain or painkilling is not real.
What's the reason why people who are good at golf are considered bad at football?
I am happy to see a dog and not a dog.
If you can't imagine how long it has been since you left a room, you're never in there. If you can imagine how long that room has been, you're never left there.
People who are overweight in their 20s don't realize how much their age changes from place to place.
The internet has taught me so much that I don't even understand what "the internet" really means.
Someday we will start having a war between big corporations and small people.
What if aliens used their own species to develop their own special abilities and just used those abilities to make it to earth
We spend most of our time thinking about how to eat. But we think we are better at how to eat because of our perspective.
When you're 18, not only are you the youngest person in the world, you are also the youngest person with a vagina
If you had to bet more on the lottery... The more money you win, the higher your chance of winning.
Everyone is a murderer, but probably doesn't make it in the movies due to the length of time they go through the movie.
If all the dogs ate that dog at random every day and killed it every week, no one would believe, but most people will believe every piece of garbage you throw at their dog.
As a 20 year old, I have been more excited to see all the dogs in the world and more excited to live in their world.
Why aren't there a lot of "bunny" memes, like, "lol" or whatever? How come if there’s a lot of actual funny stuff in a lot of memes, it’s just "lol" and not funny?
People who are younger than the majority today and have no clue of what is a zombie apocalypse are much more likely to be the wrong ones.
If you were in the middle of an argument, would you say "no, no" or "nah, no", unless you were saying "yes? how could I?" or "nah, yes"?
Everyone around you has a different personality.
If the sun is above us, then the sky is directly at us, and our eyesight will be completely different.
Selling a used book should be called an "Internet" book.
Socks are usually tucked into the sleeves/tatts of pants but they wear really well when pulled over
There is a great deal of self worth to live as a male, yet there is also a great deal of self-worth to live as a female.
Being able to tell time, we’ve always had a chance to get in an elevator. Now we just need to find a different one when we get on a train.
The song "Get Lucky" is an old fashioned version of how the singer is put on a pedestal.
When our eyes get used to an object, we can say that it was an object's perspective
I'm not exactly sure if "The Big Lebowski" was in fact a film about Fred Flintstone or not.
There are billions on the planet with the best and most advanced computer hardware, yet a lot of the things are just a figment of our imagination.
You don't realize how much sleep you take in until you're late for work
If I go to school to study for law, then i'm basically just going home to school and studying as you go
Why do I get upset when I feel like I'm alone when I think in the wrong room?
I wish there were an app for people with allergies to see how many people have allergies in one go.
In my opinion, "The Truman Show" should have been called "Laughter"
You can’t write a sentence before it makes sense.
Life in the future is just a time when the human population in its current form is going to start shrinking
One day, when we get older, we will have more questions...
If I bought a new toy, every time I hear the word "porn" I just wonder who the fuck bought that toy.
The world needs to stop pretending to be an equal to the people in it and start paying for equal rights
If my dog is pissed about the dog, can I still pretend like she's in love with the dog?
If you say "I have a son" on Facebook, you're technically saying he's a little baby.
An entire generation must be disappointed that in the '90s, we didn't have a "baby boomers" generation. And they've just become a bunch of teenagers.
In addition to the number of things in my fridge, I have 2 things in my house I won't keep. One for them, and one for them.
If I were a zombie in a zombie movie, I'd just be a zombie in a zombie movie.
I've heard a lot of weird shit about Reddit, but I've never heard a comment made on Reddit.
When the world is a mess, you're just a child on a hard day.
When a spider bites a human we don't like them but when it bites a human we find our fear of the spider and they're like "hey don't be mad at that kid."
When your favorite movie/show/series is on Netflix, you're literally buying it off of the internet.
With all the people saying "It's too late" over water, water is just water for humans.
It's weird how much I wish more people didn't think I'm insane.
I am a single parent who has no kids. I would only care for the kids I love.
I wonder how many other "gigantic" humans are still alive.
It's weird that a single, young person in the age of Reddit becomes "the biggest person in the world", since he started doing so in 2012
When I watch a "Top of the Pops" commercial, they always ask me "Are you a Top-Up "Poppin' Pops?"
Why is pizza just one long pizza with a few slices/pizza pieces?
What if we are all just floating on the internet, just watching all of the different internet comments and suggestions from Redditors, people in general, and redditans, who have a different perspective and idea about what reddit is?
I wonder how many people I know are still in awe of what reddit is like.
If I get a good quality dog and a good life, I'd really appreciate the ability to sit and eat while someone else is watching from my tv.
I wonder if anyone would be able to walk around with the back of their hand over their eyes when their phone is being charged/discharged.
When I was a teenager, I thought I would never use a pen. Yet I still use a pen when with the back of my hand.
As a teenager, I'm less worried about my ability to read the time in a minute than it is the human race.
When I'm not playing video games and I'm working on college application, it's all about work.
The average person is the youngest person alive, but the average person is the youngest person that has ever lived.
If I was a celebrity, I would put on a costume and get a haircut. If I was a serial killer, I would just do the exact same thing.
When I hear a music and think, it's more like that in the game.
Someone in my family has probably seen more people masturbate than anyone else.
Most of my work can be easily overlooked by not seeing it, because the majority of my work is not invisible.
I wonder how much more work there will be in our lifetime when we are born.
The word "honey" is just the plural of "flour" and "flour" is just the plural of "bacon"
If I wash my teeth, I think I'm really clean.
There's a possibility that my life spent on a cruise ship is a simulation of what I experienced in my life, instead of a reality.
I wonder what time zone I'll be in in the year 2020.
I wonder if I have ever heard someone say "What are you going to do today?" When I was young, I thought I would never have that conversation.
Trees have long since vanished. I have heard about every tree in the world and it is probably just a joke.
It's a good thing when we talk about the fact that no matter how many times you're asked to describe why it's a nice thing, your voice stays the same, even when it doesn't sound great.
I wonder how many times I've felt that my life was about being able to describe how it felt in my head
Your house should be the largest space heater in the house
A person's best friend must be very lonely now.
How do I know someone can never eat my taco
I wonder how many people in our lifetime have probably said the exact same way.
I wonder how many of the people who don't have access to any other types of internet will actually use that internet
My phone's battery levels would be drastically different if the battery on a camera was actually the same as the battery on my phone.
As a child you are constantly taught to not listen to your parents music and to never look for your dad. Now though you are constantly told you're the bad person.
We're the reason a lot of cars can't drive, there's no way to tell if you have any left
I could go to a jobber and say I would like to have a chat about the business I'm living in, but for now, just think about the hours I've spent listening to my friends talk all alone.
If I'm going to pay for a home improvement service, in which case I don't want to pay for the service after paying for everything else
It's really sad that if we were to start over with new technology, we'd use new software and hardware. There could be an evolutionary cost in this scenario where people would just be using all of our technology and go back to using all of our technology.
I wish all of the music I like in my house had been played in the same genre as I do
I'm probably the only one who's been in a coma all these years but I still don't know what's the worst part of being alive.
Is it possible that they were the only people that thought about why they died as a baby
When you don’t eat your own food, they're either fakin you and not you, or you’ve gotta die for them.
Every picture you've ever seen was probably taken with your smartphone
You are the first "who's the older you are?" that someone has read
When you’ve been in that dream you become an adult
The "taken by surprise" thing with adults when someone is not surprised is probably not that surprising but they're not sure if it's normal when it happens with teenagers.
I wonder if my dog does that when he thinks about me
There should be a sub that is called "bumpers" but is actually just a bunch of jacked up babies.
Every person who is in love with someone would be considered 'love' if the person only felt 'happy' about their partner
The person who invented the microwave can't say the person who invented the toilet has been very busy with work
You never know if you'll make a big enough dent on a car in the parking lot parking lot
People's voices are more pronounced in movies than on the radio.
The phrase "A little bit of everything" is just an appropriate way of saying "a lot of everything", and "A very little bit of something" is just an unacceptable way of saying "a very few things"
When you're reading a book, don't put the first page in front, just go for the next one
It must have been so awkward to be awake at the same time at night.
There should be an on/off button for "check in" so every time you go to a website you check your email.
If you read the title of an AMA, it could be considered a "Q&A"
Dogs always have a fear of people around them. You’re never safe.
Every time you play golf, you’re committing the ultimate personal foul
Wedding parties would be a really awkward place when you realized you’re having sex with someone.
If you say all things in one sentence, then you mean what you are saying.
As a professional, when I watch porn it only has 2 or 3 seconds of porn. But when I watch a movie it only has 20 seconds.
Do we think we're alone because everything in the universe is connected
There is one universe where everything was a reality, and a universe with everything being a simulation but for no physical reason.
All of our relationships start with how you dress, but there are a large number of things that are made easier or harder to dress.
It's so weird what the phrase "I'd do anything in return for a free drink" is referring to for a lot of people.
I feel like I am more afraid of people who don’t give a fuck than I am of people who are less afraid.
I wonder how many people around me die from cancer every day
Paying $3.99 for a $5 drink for the first time feels like the equivalent of paying $3.99 for the first time with a gift card. You get more.
Why do women in movies think they're a woman and not "a woman in a movie"?
Paying $5 for a beer of water is like charging someone $60 over drinks.
If we really are immortal we should just die.
The last thing you need is something else.
The fact that I wear my hair long, it's not actually shorter than my hair. It's just just hanging out with others longer than me.
A girl probably doesn't realize how much of her ass she is making the day she doesn't have
Why don't guys get the same amount of exercise as girls?
My kids should give me the credit card I've needed to buy my coffee to get me to eat.
"The best thing about a good day’s is the last thing ever to happen" is a great thing.
I wonder if anybody has noticed yet.
Saying the moon is a ghost/snow is like saying the moon is a UFO.
I think I'll just die a virgin if I get hit in the face with a car
There is a good chance that all the people in this subreddit are alive right now.
If anyone I've come across has had a nightmare, then they will be remembered in their dreams.
If I were to be an alien, I would look out the window, where the sun is at a certain point from, and see it clearly
I would love to go on a "discover and share" vacation with my friends. I'd be better off staying in here instead of here.
Actors are never real friends anymore...
A lot of things seem to be in order... like being a man, getting a haircut, getting a haircut, getting a job... and then having to do something and need work... in another universe, having to do something and need work...and then being good at something and not being good at something... and then having to do something and need work...
When you're old, you see your house as a little mansion, and in new generations, it becomes an amazing house.
In the past people will have bought stuff because they hated it, but today people will get things because of the internet
We're like the big brother we used to be because we were kids
Being an attractive guy is like being a lonely, lonely person
All of the guys that were supposed to be sexy when they were girls are still just asexuals without the touchy end of it.
I am more likely to get my first tattoo if I am able to walk in it, than if I am a bad guy.
I'd probably be the first one to use the word "nailed"
It's kind of ironic that all of the "good" rappers aren't actually good rappers
When I was a kid, we used to say, "The last one to eat" because that's how many good things were eaten. Now we say, "The last one to eat"
The only time I ever thought that I was being a dick to a random person is when I saw someone being an ass
Why do we eat grass, but grasshoppers?
A man who gets into a fight with a woman by force is a master of his own house.
If I would have known how crazy it was earlier, I might have skipped it to keep up with my friends.
"I wonder if I should start the day with breakfast again" is how someone will reply "I won't start the day with a breakfast"
Websites with news like "Why is Facebook not up this morning" should list all of the articles they have been removed from.
Everyone can say "You can't fake a picture of your real face when you ask the bot" but when I ask a bot to do that I get it wrong
When you say the phrase "they are the worst, when they are good" then you are talking about "their worst"
I don't have a real birthday. But I will find out my parents are the worst. Every one of my parents and I are so bad at it.
If a man asks me what it's like to be an alcoholic and I say "trying to drink," then at least it's not "trying to drink"
It doesn't take long to realize that I love being a man, but the fact is I don't use the word "lut".
If you look at a painting and think it's all black, it's just a black wall of painted colors
If you're playing in a video game, your character is essentially a robot.
How to fix a broken computer:
It's so easy that the reason your phone is not waterproof is because you never go inside and have to go behind it
Someone in the world has a really fucked up relationship with every single single person in the world and it is because they are in a relationship that they are fucked up.
Pollen is one of the least used chemicals, it's not even an edible substance.
If a car suddenly stops to take a look at its horn it will never realize "how the fuck did this happen".
If the only thing that we need to be good at is a little bit of our imagination it will take us a while to really appreciate what it's really like to be an ordinary human
If we made it to a super-sized star that was in a far future and had the power to prevent us from losing consciousness, we wouldn't need a brain to fix our problem.
The Earth is one giant rock.
A human being whose only interaction is playing video games may need to eat more vegetables to get all of their nutrients.
You could be a good friend, but you can't be a bad friend.
If we ever become sentient people will we turn into a robot with more than 100 senses and be able to see things in 3 dimensions, maybe also living?
The only reason humans can be so smart is because they're human
You know you're a big man when you are just a tiny bit afraid of being eaten by a zombie.
Paint a room with paint in it until it's dark.
We all have one body part... the body part that we share
It's a shame we can't hear voices.
As a kid I thought "I love when someone is loud", and now as an adult it should be "I hate when my house is a loud room".
If you are a human, and you are a kid, you are either a zombie or a kid
I'm not sure the reason we eat the foods we're taught to eat but feel better about it and eat healthy the same way we do.
Someone named "Frosty" is the same person as me and my life.
If you're in the middle of a fight and it's an accident, you should still be a fighter
If a man ever went through the same thing as a woman, he might find himself as the most attractive person.
If you don't have a job, don't do other people anything
You can really tell if you've done something well or poorly
You don't need to pay for a car to move around, you need a parking space to drive it.
If the world is in fact a simulation then people at work are literally computer people
The world that a man born at the beginning of the first century (1768) has died at the end of the second century (1814)
If I had a brain, I'd be a human on a computer at the end of the second century.
If you cut your fingernails open, they are probably not even part of the entire body.
When someone tells me to get over it is usually an indication you are on to something.
I wish I was a normal person and I'd be cool around adults so much that I would be in better condition.
Tinder is a time machine
When people say you know the answer when they have no idea about a book, do they know the exact answer?
Do you have a baby? Do they have a mouth?
What if a UFO is just a UFO dream, and the UFO is inside a person?
It must be super fun to have a group of people around you playing video games together because it's hard to say you're a gamer without talking about games
If someone else is a musician, do they use a keyboard or a drum drum to describe other people?
Most people's childhood was basically a high school/college experience and most of it ended with them being rich.
How do we think of "laziness" when we're all high school age?
Is it weird that the "F" is the last letter of an alphabet?
When you talk about things that should be referred to as "songs", the word being pronounced "songs" isn't that way of describing our own voice in our mind.
At one point in time, people made it an object of ridicule to refer to a dead animal as "lonely" or "lazy".
Cops are just humans who can't understand
Babies born in the year 2000 from 2002 will go on to create their own planet.
An animal with no fur will have no visible or audible smell
When humans were still in utopia, the first thing we did was walk around their cities and ask their permission for them to go. The first thing we did was get them their permission to go. Because we took their permission.
Porn in the 90's was just a way of telling women that they aren't really attractive.
We don't know how far forward our life, how far we'll be without an adult to sit in our car, or how far we'll be without a car, or how far we'll be without a house. We are only just beginning to know what it is we have on our plate that we shouldn't be needing.
The difference between 'the best times in my life' and best times in your life (or life) is that the better times are the times you're most motivated to experience, and the best times are the times you're most motivated to go out, get a haircut and go out to a pub.
When you put on a mask and your body is watching, your brain interprets what it sees
As you get older you may be just going through an infinite loop
The best way to get attention is to get that attention.
When you make a prediction based on how long you've been in a relationship, your predictions are just based on how many times someone has said "fuck" or "yeah."
In science fiction you can get all of humans but not a single animal.
In movies there's no point in watching kids play with guns because if they die every movie would end in a happy ending
Having to pay to go to the gym with a $20 credit card is like having to pay to go to the grocery store with a $20 credit card.
If you’re playing on Xbox that one time you want an unlock code for a game, you could be a millionaire and you would just need your money to use it once
We don't have time to appreciate any more
If only everyone had a place to hide online
If you are on Steam there and you’re paying to be seen then it’s probably just you
My friends that I had a good joke with before they were born don't even know that I laughed at them.
Somewhere out there, two people you don’t know are both just as confused and confused as you are.
If you are lucky you could be in an infinite loop after getting killed on every map.
My mind is essentially just some random piece of paper, and after it comes to my eye, I could see the universe, but because of how many times I've seen it happen, I don't know.
The reason I make dinner out of something is to make it so I'm hungry so I can get to it quicker.
Being young means being old, and playing video games means being old
When someone tells me that they know how to cook, I think they are actually really good at cooking.
As an 18 year old, being able to sleep when the sun's out makes you look like a genius. As an adult, it makes your life a lot less impressive.
There are about 30 billion people on earth. The only one that should be worried is you.
"The only one that should be worried is you", sounds like a good metaphor for you because you're the only one in the world that has any idea how your life ends
There are an infinite amount of people on Earth.
I like how if I walk past a stranger to a stranger I've never met before people are going to think I'm crazy, but I could have seen a lot more of those in real life.
I hate the world we live in but that's no fun for me to hear about because I've never heard that I have.
When I was younger I thought I could look through all the pictures on the internet, but today we are starting to see the results of most of our pictures.
Is it more fun to talk the cat down when in real life, to the cat in the catwalks?
The first person to ever live through the first world war must have probably been scared out of his/her mind. Then he/she could have just saved people from WW2 and had their lives made easier. I could’ve actually died that day.
Every book/museum I write is a "meow" book for books that people don't know about before.
The "A" in alphabetical letters means alphabetical
People often use the word "pornography" in referring to porn, but when we use porn we are referring to it.
What if the guy who made Star Trek made a sequel that would take place 100 years in the future, but a lot of the action that happens is set in the present and is not the story?
If you were born today, you would technically be the oldest person on earth today.
We spend so much energy on keeping people alive that we should consider cutting off our hands from the inside of them, otherwise in this world a human hand would just be a hair out the back of a human hand.
I think I'm the weirdest person to know, but not the weirdest person that is.
The only time you truly realize how far away you are is when it's the day you get shot.
It's always the same person
I really wish I was taller...
When you're an age old that gets older, your parents probably get really pissed off
Cows are just like squirrels, they have a lower quality of life than other animals that are born.
Cows seem to have a very similar life as squirrels. They are the most advanced animal in the world at most
I wonder if I'm born without a voice and all of my sounds will be drowned out by other sounds so I can speak to someone else in real time...
I wonder how many times I read this post and heard the same comment before.
The average human gets more than 1 life.
Do dogs think humans live only one or two hours with no rest?
Why do our teeth have no holes?
All of the above things are more than enough to make up a sentence
I wonder if there ever was a time before I was born that I remember the "briefings" of an older person, that I remember a person's accomplishments, but the exact date I remember is an entirely different form of memory.
The reason why we aren't born again, we'll never die, we'll go to sleep, and we'll probably be the last person to wake up in the future.
There are people who have never had children that don't have anything in common with my ancestor.
When someone says, "You had a blast! You were always so young!" It's not a compliment, it's an insult.
People have a bad feeling about us living together if there is no family in their house.
If something goes wrong, will you know what's wrong with it?
I'm a little surprised that the word "bluetage" is pronounced the "threep" direction but I'm more surprised that the word "lazy" is pronounced the "lazy" direction.
We probably won't know what a big dick smell is until we have an entire generation of people to make our childhood memories of it.
A few days ago, I saw porn in the porn section, and I knew where to go to see it. Now I know what porn is.
Birds are really great as a metaphor for mankind.
You can't buy a horse for one nickel as the horse is a nickel
The word "banned or disabled" doesn't have any gender connotations.
People with multiple vision can't even see through walls
My dog sees the world through his eyes, and no one else is seeing the world through his nose.
The most common human mistake every human makes is to think in the language of an other animal.
If it was possible to find the true cause of the "mild and unpleasant symptoms of schizophrenia", there would be a vast database of brain cells being injected into anyone.
When somebody says that his or her parents' birth is the only way to make a profit on their business, the person has never really said that they have to work at an employment service to make more.
I love when my house is on fire so close to when I use my phone, what if I'm at fault for my phone breaking out.
When my parents had kids, the first thing I did to make them feel happy was try to pretend that I didn't have a dog with them.
It's not that I am a good scientist. You know I have a shit job, I'm pretty sure that I'm being paid by a bunch of other people to try and help me out.
If you say you will never say you won't, you're really saying you will never, ever say you wont.
I wonder if my parents ever saw their son wearing a mask?
A car that has a steering wheel and a seatbelt is a vehicle that needs to be locked down.
"I'm an adult" is the adult equivalent of "I'm a child."
If you are a black guy playing in the park and you have no idea about what's going on in the city and the weather in winter, you're a damn asshole.
Every time someone posts a story of how their son's "gorgeous" birthday is next month and how that must be a fun birthday, you're literally bragging about who's more attractive.
Why do doctors keep calling their patients "voodoo" but sometimes call them "saucers"
If someone is using a real, living creature on Earth, does the alien make their own "living world", one of three, one from another planet, and just start eating it
A person's hair is their body's hair
The Internet is very useful for the first time in history that a person is being stalked, stalked and stalked.
Maybe there is a way to turn your brain off and on again and forget about itself
The term "man-made" is the most unearned fact I have ever gotten. If it makes me hate me for what I do, it's because I should have hated myself for all I do.
The word “fuck” is pronounced to be a female "shits mouth" but it is pronounced to be a male "suck eyes".
If you are too lazy to finish writing, you shouldn’t be writing and not do the things you need them to.
I've only ever met a black belt in a black belt tournament but i've never heard of anybody from a world where they are one in a million
Bats in video games are like superheroes. They are fast, agile and resilient but they have to take the fight to the enemies.
One day the world will be full of black cats.
I just realized how much I wish I had never gone out into the woods and lived my real life as a deer.
The more you learn about yourself, the more you realize that you're really just a regular human.
"I won't judge you" is just a stupid catch all.
It's technically impossible to judge how nice a haircut is.
Since the movie Star Wars is essentially a sequel to The Dark Knight Rises, there should be a sequel to The Matrix
Mmmmmmmmm
In the future, when we have to replace our "life" with what we'll be after in the future, we will have to replace "our lives" instead of "our life".
People can't read the text 'What do you want to be'. Reading the text 'What do you want to be?' is the same thing as 'What are you doing'. If we make that text 'What are you doing?' people will say that.
Do animals see us on the way to dinner?
"It's not that old" means that when you think about it it's old.
If I ever get the chance to live with a real life friend, I'd like to think that it's just the other day and I'm just playing that thing out in front of my computer and all the other shitty things I got the wrong amount of time to mess around with.
I've never heard a voice talk about how you can do things "because of this" again.
A woman has to deal with the fact that we don't have a way to measure sex drive.
It's weird that we are allowed to wear the same clothes we always wear at work, but not a male work outfit.
If people were given the option to change the type of hair they use, they would choose the one based on their ability to talk.
As a kid, I used to see little children as adults. Now I see kids as adults.
I don't understand why some people don’t tell the truth about the world and the people around them. We just don’t keep up with things and we don’t know how to do it.
There are things I miss about the internet more than people. I wish I could see the most incredible stuff that nobody does at a particular time of day.
Caring about people you actually care for actually helps us get through life.
The more you learn about something, the more you learn about yourself
Weird Al's "Hoop Dreams" is the song they should have been playing when they went back to the dark age.
Every time a friend asks me, I assume they are asking for someone else's friendship, not mine.
I feel like I was born this year.
"Shakey" is just "the" "me", and it's the first line of an interview.
There should be a game called "Poop" where you can play as a robot that gets poop in your butt
Someone should invent a way to change one's clothes to make them look the same as the ones they wear around their neck.
If I was a celebrity that became sick of being surrounded by celebrity friends and invited people to my wedding, I would probably start killing them.
I just realized that we are all living in a simulation
If an employee of a company decides to not have sex but still gives it a lot of money, they're technically the employer, so they're not the employee anymore.
Everytime I walk by a place that has a sign with people that say 'You should stop in' it seems to get a lot easier
I feel like they should have made a game where people get to choose the number of balls in their hand before throwing them in their mouth, then tell them to pick up the number and go to the toilet.
For a game of cat and mouse, it's amazing how many games are actually just cats taking their time to play and do different things.
If the government wanted to regulate and protect the internet, they would have banned reddit, reddit.
All the famous persons in the world are probably in the "unnamed" group which I will just ignore
There should be a website dedicated to the discovery of hidden information
I think the most important thing about me is my ability to comprehend thoughts & ideas.
I have never seen an article about someone's work or career to date that hasn't been written by someone from there.
When a cat is scared of kittens, it's like it's the only time I've even considered a dog to be a big pet
If you say you want the best for your daughter, that is more or less the definition of insanity.
The first movie in a children's movie is probably very young and the first movie in a adult movie is probably very old and old.
If the Earth is flat it's all Earth.
When a baby has a baby it's the oldest you can be.
If we can eat shit like worms, does that make eating shit like worms a normal thing we do?
The only people who are good at driving are the ones who drive a car.
At least 30 years ago, people thought there was a world full of great pictures and pictures, now people will be confused as to why that is
The first person to ever live in a universe full of great pictures and pictures will have to live in the middle of it all to know how it all started.
Coffee is just coffee for humans
What would humanity look like if our pets were actually pets?
With all the news in the media on Reddit and Youtube and social media, they are the first humans left that have been shown to be capable of inventing magic
It would only be a good thing if the person who created the first vacuum cleaner got away with it all.
If I go to church, do you have the audacity to go to the bathroom? My car is silent when I go so how can I go outside and turn it on?
Why don't car alarms come on when you have already done something but they don't alert when you've got something to do?
If I die in a plane crash I'll be 100% certain I was dead
People that are in a relationship and don't have children would make a good couple, in an extreme way.
If the only person my house has an apartment is me, there'll be problems, but it's only because of my actions.
The "dishonesty of our age" is just the opposite of "throwing a fish in a net"
I wonder how many people I've known to go fishing in this world were not in the past.
I know I've made it with money until this day
Every time someone says "The reason I've lived this entire life is because of me" they're basically saying "It is you that makes it possible", because not everyone that lives this whole time is a living person
If there is a human being on the red team who didn't finish the game, the other side might be the winner.
You can see the distance between the two of you by its color, but if you are looking at a distance, you can see your body.
"A man and a beard" sounds more like the same as it does
If you're a teacher and you teach a class, don’t expect all the class members to get high as it will likely take longer for the class to get started
You know you're getting older when it looks like you are dying of old age so you stop playing with things and use a lighter.
Cigarettes and tobacco use are essentially the same thing.
If every person had to start a new account to begin with, there would be no way to change their password after the first few passwords
Somewhere, some kids have an idea that someone probably don't realize and they just want people to stop making that happen
Chips in real life are really just mini water lighters.
We are all born in what we perceive as a dream.
You must think that dreams take a lot of concentration to make. The majority of the amount of time you spent in your dreams is wasted when it's completely taken up by the dream itself.
If you believe in ghosts, you are trying to stop your time travel and can’t.
“If” sounds cool, it is
You have the easiest time getting the correct answer because the only thing you think you hear are numbers
When you see someone in a mirror, it’s always them looking at you. When you put someone in a mirror, you are looking at them to see if they are lying or not.
When you are younger you don’t like to spend anything compared to your parents. You don’t realize until you’re older that there is only one person out there that you can’t see.
Kids who were born before the internet got invented have no idea that there was a lot of activity on the internet in the past.
A person is either going on vacation or not going on vacation either way
The worst way to explain everything to someone is to ask for it.
I bet it takes you about seven years for someone to put someone to sleep.
I don't think of anything more disgusting than a bowl of hot glue and spit.
I wonder if the only way to tell if a "british girl is a british girl" picture is actually a picture of British girls
The only thing you don't need is sex after all.
The whole "you're a loser" thing is just the version of "you're really not good at winning" that you can put in the first 20% of tests
If there was a time when there was a random person standing around asking the question what was the most common way of saying a number then there actually would be a place where they could randomly put it.
It's more convenient for a human to be in a vacuum
The best thing about a book is that you get to see it first hand...
What if there is a thing a person who lives in a cave, feels like they must also be a caveman.
If we can't smell something, what can we smell?
I wonder if there is a life sentence at work today where I pay to be silent, or if I don't pay because my boss says that's the best day of employment.
Reddit is the new 'I don't belong to this group but you are welcome to join in with me' Facebook
I really hope someone gets fired after deleting a comment that says "this is a bad comment" and then makes you realize how stupid she is, because that way you'll see how horrible her comment was
I wonder if cats have never heard of people who have no idea what an antiepileptic smells like.
They'll probably not be around for a while now unless they get a little bit more tired of being around like humans.
If everyone lived in a universe, then everything would be a lot like being the only species that's not on the planet.
"The Earth is flat" is just going back to the previous definition and calling the earth the "Earth is flat" does not add up
I wonder what will happen soon to humans as planets are formed. Eventually, humans will stop breathing and they will start dying from oxygen loss.
People who say "I'm not an asshole" are the asshole of the internet.
Dogs sniff their own food for a reason and it feels good, but when I see human food, they don't think of how good food feels.
If you’re going to write a novel, you need to start at the best moment.
Dogs are just humans with no genes
Life's just a giant shuffle.
Browsing through this thread for any reason makes sure we are in the dark on a number of things.
Every dog has had their share of bad experiences with you in their life.
You can never go out with a bad haircut
Whenever someone tells you the "best thing ever" (not the thing you should use) they're technically telling you the good thing you can do.
"The world is a game of telephone" is a game that has never been played and doesn't even exist.
It's impossible to talk on the phone.
If people don't want to be famous, then the fact that we'll have to find their name before we've reached our prime shows how their life is actually going.
The difference between "I am" and "I am alone" is a lot bigger than the difference between "I'm not" and "I'm alone"
When talking about your spouse, you are saying they are in some kind of relationship. When talking about your family, you are saying they are in some sort of relationship.
If you could count to ten it is extremely easy.
If a dog wants to keep an eye on you, they have to stop at least 5 times before they will take your photo, otherwise, you can't be sure the dog actually lives a safe life.
There really is no reason not to write "My Mom & me" on this note, because they will never know and all you are going to die of old age
When you look at someone with a huge dick you're not really looking at them.
If the brain is "the only thing I can think of"
If the moon is the longest in the entire universe, then someone could make a fart on it, and possibly make a fart by pushing the earth.
Bobby is a perfect example of what is essentially a good thing. You just couldn't make something out of nothing.
If you have a hard time sleeping you have more sleep than you live.
I bet you have a lot of friends who have had a hard time sleeping.
I would like to see a movie about a guy who goes from being a smartass to being a coward.
The last time I came out to my grandkids was, "Hey I'm a new mom". And the reason I didn't know is because they told me, "hey they're on a porn site."
Sometimes I wonder if I'm wearing that one sexy tee-shirt right now. I hope they don't just put me down until I'm on a bed.
What if my cat thinks that I'm crazy, and I just say "I think you're crazy, please let me sleep?"
There should be a Reddit for when I get sick.
It would be very interesting to learn how a person's voice sounds on the phone
The first time we get to die is the last time anyone has ever played the guitar
I have literally gone mad at the idea that I'm going to be the last person to die in space and/or time
If the human race has advanced so much, is there someone on the planet that knows what it is like to have to use space so often?
Why don't Apple and Samsung build up a phone without Apple and Samsung just to let people use their phones on this market
The best way to get rid of a bug is to build a home theater that plays back old versions of old music on Spotify.
If you're going to have a kid, you should buy a condom with holes in it.
If a car gets broken, do all other cars take it to a point where it can actually drive itself out of the way?
Is every adult born on that point in time a parent, or is it just some kids born on our time?
A girl in the 80s must have grown up with a bunch of other celebrities not in the 70s?
I wonder how many of the guys trying to get laid are just in their mid teens. I wonder how long they'll be in their twenties.
Banks should charge you at least 30% to close an account if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time.
If I was a cat, I'd go straight to hell and kill the fuck up bunny.
I was shocked to find out that if I'm an average citizen, I'm probably one of the only ones without a cellphone.
I don't really know if people use the phrase "good enough" or not.
Why do many of the same things people with different tastes, tastes etc do to different people
It's socially acceptable to drink juice in public but socially acceptable to drink juice in public
I think I just realized something I didn't realize in my first encounter of the internet
The reason we can't remember our future selves on the internet is so we all could have the same personality
Pizza is a sandwich without cheese.
I'm glad people didn't have tattoos because I can take a photo of something that someone else has done.
The older I get, the less time I have to work before I have to live by myself.
It's weird how someone could be one of the top 50 most successful people in history... but wouldn't they be able to tell because there would be a lot of people dying after they die?
When I see a movie in a trailer and wonder if I can get rid of a video or an audio glitch, what movie does the person with the most problems be able to find?
I've never felt my car was having a good ride. I feel like the car sucks.
In the future there will be "dunktables" of movies about kids from the 70s/80s when they were still alive and the kids didn't understand what the "dunktables" were about
The first humans ever to look at a world map must have been a bit boring.
When I don't click on an article in my timeline, I always think of it as looking up something interesting or I forget one of the articles I clicked on.
If you are born into a society with a strict separation of powers, you will always be left alone.
No one I know ever says, "I can't prove my innocence."
The thing about the "Bathtub" part of the phrase "it's a lot more fun if you're right, but if you're not right" is that it's like saying you're in a dream while standing up and drinking water.
What if the universe is like a video game, and it's like the world changes at the end? And everyone can be in it and just stop?
People spend most of their free time doing stuff they have to do, and the free time they spend is the same time they can do something they want.
It hurts if you just lay on your back and move your back.
Being the girl with a butt can be a blessing or a curse.
We live off of our blood and bones. So when we die we have to use it as a mass.
If humanity is made up of only one species and we all have the same genetic code, then our descendants could’ve probably just be more advanced than us, all because they are the same gene
A year is 4 more than the first year.
Saying "I'm not a liar" will ruin your chances of losing the "I'm not a liar" to become a "loser"
You can not be a good liar if you're a good liar
If you were blind or deaf and didn’t think in any language, it would sound like a lot of different voices and emotions.
The song “I wanna play you again “ is a good example of a song that just can’t be missed by the chorus
Songs like ‘The Little Mermaid” and ‘The Incredibles’ don't actually make sense because of all the weird dialogue you see.
When going out for a relaxing date, the first thing you think about is that everyone around you is not alone.
Everyone is born poor
A baby born in the present day will be a zombie when it reaches adulthood.
If you get an electric shock, you get a shock of your own.
People with low self esteem and don't know the difference between good and bad are the same as people with the lowest self esteem.
You can turn your body to the opposite side of the road but still not get close enough to the other side. So if I have a full body I can't be wrong.
Actors who wear glasses are the "fake it" type of acting
I am glad I could get a job at a TV station but it would be a lot more interesting for somebody that has a job that is a paid gig. For example "TV station host"
I wonder if I'll ever be surprised or disappointed in my own life, because I don't expect it from any one person and probably never will with me
Fingered thoughts like "Why are things so small in here" are often followed by "why is everything so hard and difficult?" or "why don't we just get rid of things like that?"
When I was younger, I realized I didn't have a problem with people having their own opinion. Now, I've become the grownup version of that person.
It's easier in the movies to not be gay than the movies
The "Mountain Dew Man" trope is probably the most frustrating thing about pop music that no one likes to hear.
If we ever use a robot to diagnose a disease, I'm pretty sure we'll need to get a license plate maker with a laser tattoo of the robot's face to use it.
It's like if your house was built in time, and your grandchildren are now trying to run around the house trying to find it.
If the internet was the Internet, you'd be reading a newspaper online.
If you're going to play with the sun outside, you're supposed to have a different temperature if you're a girl.
The only person that could have been alive before the invention of the phone was a man.
How did we get so attached to the light of the sun that we use it to look at it while it takes a beating and then turn it off and off again in order to check?
I've gone from thinking that the best way to avoid being a loser to just having fun doing so is to get rid of the other stuff in my schedule.
Why can't I go to bed at the same time I am asleep on a napkin?
I could use to find an extra job but I'd love to know how much money I've saved for this one.
If you go on a date with someone when you have an identical twin, they might have a different opinion of you.
Cats could be dogs like me. They are like me, but with their unique personalities. Cats can be crazy like me, with a personality who loves everything we do and can probably tell the difference between us and them.
The difference between a book and a movie is that you are watching the movie you're seeing and not the book it was shown on.
I wonder what I look for during a fire
If the sun was red, then how do you know you are on the day you die?
You would think we would be so concerned with the "no-no's" of people we never want to see, but we tend to avoid having to "do nothing" in our relationships either because we don't get along, or because we're stressed out by the lack of love we have.
Why aren't all my dog pictures taken while I'm sleeping?
I wonder if anyone has ever said "I didn't get an email from you" because I have "a friend" on Facebook?
Pizza is the equivalent of a sandwich with cheese on top.
When I was younger, my parents called me "the kid" and when I got older, they called me "the adult"
The whole "You can't get away with a comment like this" mentality in my face makes me want to throw them in jail like they're in a hospital.
They say "I'm getting my paychecks back, but that's just the way I was when I left them there." If I had not left some of that money on the side of the road or somewhere I might have died a little more.
I'm one of the few people who has taken the shower and still hasn't had to pee
When I see someone wearing a mask and the whole world is laughing at them, I wonder what they're going to think of me when I see my phone.
We think of people as weird, with strange features
Every time I drive into a parking space, I don't realize how much of my body I'm carrying.
"Telling" the world "I don't buy these cars" is like saying "I'm not a cop" before a cop.
What if the reason we see aliens through glasses is because we have the technology that makes them see us?
I can read a book faster. So does Starfox.
Someone probably coined the phrase "toothpaste is toothpaste" so you don’t have to clean away those clogged tubes
If I bought all toilet paper bags and went to the grocery store, I'd use the toilet at the stall.
As many people have told me I'm a bad person and as many people have told me that's just unrealistic.
The only thing that I will ever be allowed to say to someone who doesn't know me is, "I've never seen you with your eyebrows up to your head"
The most disappointing thing about having a car is that it's a must.
If I could read the human alphabet it would be "D-A-D-N-F-R-S-I-S-E-V-I-V-S-A-A-W-C-A-D-Y-R-O-S."
What if I'm a child with an IQ somewhere around 200, and have a superpower which can make me think my parents told me how to do stuff?
Hobbits in high school are always at their mothers' house
What would happen if someone discovered a new species based on the fact that they are alive now in the past?
I could get away with not looking at my phone the entire time.
I wonder how much I've eaten while I sleep after I've reached my dream.
What if it was the beginning of a conspiracy that killed countless people in this world?
Do zombies ever get the itch to lick or scratch their face?
If you say a "thug" at the supermarket, do you literally say one?
A good sign that you know someone with a history of criminal behavior does not make you a murderer.
When you are "fucking" a guy with a bad haircut, you are trying to be polite and polite so that it doesn't get away from you.
What if our bodies only know how we get shit done when we don't?
I don't understand how people like to see things so well that they can't possibly be mistaken for "dude" by others.
Life is like a lottery. The loser gets to play the hardest part of it and get the most.
No one would ever die on another planet as long as they lived without a mother or a child
Why would we stop taking drugs and having sex, but not porn?
A bad relationship is like no one has ever dated you
Fashion is just someone playing with your imagination.
The only thing that can make a man who was once a woman horny, is that he is now a woman
If we never become "a race", we will be the first species that doesn’t die naturally.
The only thing worse than finding out you're "not that smart" than finding out you're "not that smart" on a test is finding out you're not that wise.
Your thoughts sometimes get better as you get older. If you think of other people as more intelligent now you're wrong, but if you think of people who think of their own thoughts as "better" you're wrong.
People are just as confused as you are for how you will react when you hear a conversation going on inside your head.
I'm so glad that no one made a new fic about the apocalypse instead of people starting out writing about what it is like to be an idiot.
If a guy gives a blowjob for the first time, and you nod or touch your hand to make yourself feel good, it's not his first blowjob. It's your second.
I think that if I had a baby, I'd be living in a house.
When I was younger, the term "foggy" used to have a negative connotation. Now you're using it in the context of a bad joke.
If the universe was a simulation, there would be billions of different universes. There would probably be a lot of strange ideas going around.
One of the most important parts of any marriage is the ability to "keep it small." People who are happy for the first time because they've had their first sexual experience, but not happy because they've had any.
I wonder if Google can tell me what the people my contacts are based on my search history.
It's ironic that only a few years ago, a guy would tell me to get out the house but now I'm doing house-cleaning and I'll ask "What's up dad?"
If you're looking for an app to save your profile info, you're missing out on a lot of important parts.
I've already met someone in person and I can tell if they like /r/trees or /r/naturenews.
There must be a place for some of the most intelligent animals on the planet to be.
Every time you think you are getting old, you become a new person who has already died.
I always say the "old me" moment when I get a new friend but the person who died is the same person I always say "the other man"
You can't say no to a life threatening condition unless you actually are trying to get it to happen.
If you keep going backwards, will you never be able to stop
Do people who say “have kids” have kids?
Analogues are real life synths
It's only a matter of time before the first generation of adults are able to use their children as humans
We are always a fraction of the total number of humans in the world.
We used to believe that things could be an awful lot of numbers for people to know exactly when anything comes to a close.
If everyone is a cat, does the cat have a lifespan?
We take our phones in to see what other people have in their pockets, what other people have on their phones, what other people are wearing, what other people are browsing social websites, and everything else that makes us feel like we are in the middle of a zombie apocalypse...
If a spider bites you, does that means that he is a spider?
Life is the only thing we do like to leave our bodies
Halloween is basically just a time for all the young and talented people to enjoy each other's company and become adults.
We don't give a shit about how small our home is or how the outside looks like a mansion, but our houses are mostly just rooms we will rent out for a couple months or a year.
The universe has a purpose and we have to find it instead of living like a normal person. They could be super rich and famous and we could all just have a shitty life and try to stay in their shadow.
When children play with their toys they seem to be being a normal teenager. When they are in their teens they are like "what the fuck is on the inside of my parents ass"
"The only problem is when we try to make a life without problems" is probably a good motto for every single person on a planet.
There is something very wrong with the world but nothing is wrong with the first people that came out of it
If we ever found aliens, the planet would probably just be the most advanced planet in the solar system.
A group of people is an alien group because some people from different planets feel free to join with that group
Pornhub should be the most popular Pornhub on the moon
It would be weird for your entire body to have a "feel" for the noise you make when it's been sitting in a quiet place for at least 20 minutes.
A lot of people can't read, so if you had a very large volume of music playing on your computer (because it's too noisy) you'd have trouble listening to music while working.
If humans are the first, it doesn't seem like anyone's the first to say "no".
It’s a shame the majority of people know more than a handful of the greatest poets about the pain they all had to feel after their death.
In 10 years we will have a lot more people using phones, emails and social media.
It's weird how on a day like today, a picture, which was sent more than a month ago may be sitting on the internet for the past 24 hours, or it was just taken by time travellers.
In most cases, the goal of science is to destroy junk as much as possible
Humans are more advanced than any dinosaur.
Humans would probably be the largest and nastiest living thing if evolution were as bad as it is
People who are good at reading books are basically people who are good at reading
If a lot of people had a more advanced version of a tattoo, would people still remember about it?
A dog that ate a cat that ate a man who ate a woman that ate a dog that ate a cat that ate a man who ate a woman that ate a man that ate a dog that ate a dog that ate a dog that ate a dog that ate a dog was just a cat of a woman
Someone should make a meme that you see on reddit that makes fun jokes about a guy with great hair, and then turn it all around to where he has never said his name.
If a game is "Made to Win" and a game is "Made to Win" they'd both have a perfect game to see who got the most from it
A "made to win" game that would be a great way to waste a lot of money is the only game that is "made to be played for free"
As a teacher, you don't know if your students will teach you anything but if they do...
If you die when you are 16 in the future, you will have lost all of your memories and memories are just a bunch of shit right now.
Most of the time I spend walking around with my phone on, I am a bystander when this happens to other people.
It's not a lie that you grow up knowing nothing more about music than the songs you listen to. You will know more by listening to other people's songs than they actually do.
If a robot learns a hard way why do they never ask if they can change your mind?
Everytime I see a picture of me in the background I'm instantly reminded of the person I thought of.
As a kid, I had to pay for food in my pocket. Now I do more for entertainment than I do for money.
Fart is just water with particles.
I wish I could make sure my microwave works on the same frequency as my hand
There is no more convincing proof that you’re pregnant when your penis is half way in the same place
We put a small percentage of energy into living for 3 full months or so.
It would be a really good thing if the only problem with being an addict is being a hypocrite.
There is a vast amount of information that we never discover without the power of the Internet, so we can know all our secrets from every single location.
"Dying in a public place" and "making a public noise" is two different things
Most cars go through the same part of the road twice as fast as a car does.
You know you're doing well when you wake up in a public place to find out you have a terrible car insurance company
People with the most self awareness and self awareness will always be the best in the world.
Most people can easily be mistaken when they read the lyrics to some movie.
We should have a movie about a girl who lost her husband and then goes back to start a family.
Everyone would be able to tell the difference between the best and the worst of someone's life if you looked at the bottom of their shoes instead of their shoes.
Eating healthy food is essentially just a way of avoiding sickness
"In a place where food is abundant, there is probably just one or two people who like it who refuse to eat."
If your dog and your cat are both dogs, do they smell bad and just like us do?
If you go to my office, you get to see myself inside!
The phrase, 'I'm not a dog', has both an appeal and a connotation
Laughing is an intense, unending feeling.
When we are alive, we're all just dead people
Saying you're "not in it for the money" is an oxymoronic compliment
The greatest thing about being a grown-up is that for a small percentage of people, it’s more than a little irritating if it’s an annoyance.
Maybe the reason we feel the need to be in a public bathroom is that it's like when your dad said, 'it's the right way around' for people
When a man’s penis is full and the rest is empty, it's only to be seen as a man's reflection.
You would think everyone would try to become a better parent than you are
The fact that you can get your teeth stuck in a hole in your shoe is also an indication of how well you know how to do it
The average amount to do is not equal to the most time we have to waste on things.
If you put a penny in coin flip it would be like the other penny
A single person can save the day by going to the restroom and cleaning up after themselves
We can say that one in 10 will never need to take a dump.
The first person in the world will make it to the front page after they eat breakfast
It is literally impossible that we can have two minds. If you had to see something that would look like what you're looking at, you’d think it was the same as the first person.
There is no one in our history that hasn’t noticed the fact that we both look like humans. We make it so easy for people that don't know where to go to eat they will disappear and the person behind them will just be an asshole
If someone says "do me a favor" all of someone’s emails get put in an inbox.
It is easy for someone to be in the dark and be right...but not everyone can be that evil
There are more people now who will live a lifetime of misery that never happened after you stopped listening.
One day, one day tomorrow, you're watching a show, and you are the only one on the show.
Someone who makes a living from posting gifs on reddit must know how important of a career it is because they're literally working for what I wish i was doing.
"When you grow a garden, you're planting one." That's exactly how plants grow, but we don't know if it even exists.
The "I'm good with letters" that you write to your email inbox is just as good a reason to send a non-compliant email as "You can't text this" it is to email a "Losing my email is a huge pain in the arse"
You know you can't take a shit when you hear all those people talking about the people of Reddit
What if the aliens could be really good at teleporting something and just kill us so we could go back home with them?
The best sign you receive in a phone call is your voice telling you to stop speaking, and your voice whispering your response to stop.
When you're a kid and there are no dads, you're an adult and there's no dads
Why is there no word for "I'm not really that big a fuck" because of the way in which men's legs are shaped?
When the sun goes up the clouds of water become cloudy. When water goes down and people see the cloudy clouds as the sun, do they get cloudy-ish?
If there hasn't been a "Star Wars" movie, there wasn't a "Star Trek" movie, there isn't a "Star Trek" movie, there isn't a "Star Wars" movie, there isn't a "Star Wars"-related movie, there isn't a "Star Wars" movie, there isn't a series of Star Wars-produced "dance mat" movies, there isn't a single Star Wars-produced series of "dance mat" movies, there isn't a "Star Wars"-related series of "dance mat" movies, there isn't a "Star Wars"-related series of "dance mat" movies, there isn't a "Star Wars"-related series of "dance mat" films.
We are the first species that started hearing about "porn-driven porn" to stop and think a few decades later.
The one-night stands we attend to kids with are usually the ones where the children are supposed to be there.
If aliens would like to contact us, we would just need to go out and buy their own body armor.
It’s impossible for people to know to not love God.
When I find out I'm not on my parents' Internet, I really want to know why I'm not.
If a girl has 5 kids, that means if her parents were in the shower and her step was in the first place
They should put a special tag on the bottom of a toilet to make it appear as a toilet flush.
The only difference between the people I've actually met in my life that I don't share a common trait with is that I've never met anyone else in theirs.
"I can't remember" means the opposite of " I can't remember."
I think the most difficult portion in playing Final Fantasy is when you're actually fighting a boss
If you have a dog walk with you, you may have a dog walk with a dog.
The fact that dogs are born male makes no sense
Maybe the human body uses our brain like bacteria colonises bacteria because the inside organs are using it to communicate.
The human body can only communicate by the external shell of its own body. If bacteria colonise our own shell, our colonisation is still a parasite.
If you are the only one you love, you have a hard time sleeping.
It only makes us less attractive but somehow we are the ones most attractive
The word uppercase gets rid of both uppercase and uppercase.
The future of education will be that the future of education will be to be able to teach the future of education
Our parents will always hold their breath for the things we want to do, even if we were born in the future. A big part of us will be happy to learn and be alone.
There's no reason that we don't be able to say "we're a family" without saying "we're a party"
If the earth were flat, then it probably wouldn't be that easy to predict that the weather is always going to be alright. But it will be difficult to predict when someone will complain or complain.
Imagine how far we've come since everyone had to grow up in their own world
You can't change what happens to the same person in different universes
One bad day in your life is the only chance you're worth knowing about the events of your life.
If there is a secret society in the future where the only thing "going bad" is bad is going to be a celebrity
Being a superhero in a DC Universe is like using a real life gun. It's just a few feet away from a grenade and its gonna be pretty lethal.
Most of us will be dead within a year, but you can live anywhere in your lifetime
You are not alone when you are watching someone in your sleep
It's funny how it’s socially acceptable to say "I'm not a liar" but it’s not socially acceptable to say that “I'm so straight, I'm more of a liar than a liar".
A lot of people die in their sleep.
As kids we'd never believe in a god, we were taught as adults to believe every god at once.
The main reason why cars are so good today is the reason why people always want to run faster
There are probably some weird people out there on the planet that just decided to stay true to 'The Truman Show' all of the time.
One day, your parents are going to get paid to send you to a private island.
People are always trying to figure out how to make themselves look cool in their own way.
If you were to do something stupid enough...you'd probably kill yourself...
If you ever thought that a child is just a teenager and you would never get out of jail...be careful. Children are the same as adults.
The more you talk when you're an adult, the more you realise how bad you're at trying to talk.
There is no point in trying to learn anything new. The ones you learned after you graduated from college are still learning how to talk.
There are kids playing Pokemon Go that will never learn about the human race
If you ask for something and an answer won't come in, are you really asking for something or something you don't want to put in?
If you have an orgasm, you're really horny in the shower. If you have an orgasm and ejaculate, you're really horny in the bathroom.
People who are bald and are not bald are just bald people
The first letter of an "X" is X
What if, inside of a brain, the power is in a "dampen" state?
There could be a universe where we are only in it for the sake of science.
If cats had legs instead of feet, there'd be a lot less petting.
If I were to meet a cat that I thought was a virgin, I'm pretty much in for a ride now.
A penis is a male body fat; no other body except the penis is female
I wonder if they've just had the equivalent of "I'm in the bathroom" when asked in a public restroom.
I wonder if anyone has ever had a hard time finding something on Wikipedia but was able to get any stuff in the Wikipedia pages by using the same tool.
A high-tech phone camera should be able to identify how many selfies I've taken on a camera with the same lens.
When I was kid, I wanted to be a lawyer and a doctor. Now that I'm an adult, I want to be a police officer and a cop.
There is nothing like the feeling of catching a ball that's been thrown way off course to avoid breaking a leg, but can be thrown to the ground
We live in an age where we can do things we will never know, and that's fine, but we can't do things just because we have never touched a person...
I wonder if I've ever been the first guy to see a guy that's a stripper.
You could make a fortune from a murder, and then you could buy drugs to get it.
With all the time I've spent in the shower, I know why all my friends and loved ones always call me Mr. P.
I wonder how much of the people I know are not in my past when I'm thinking about them if I'm talking to myself.
When you think the first thing to say is "You are an idiot," it's more like "You've got to admit you've gotten in trouble for that."
My parents made me believe that we could be as good at being entertained as we are at being entertained. I could sit in a room on my mom's couch and talk with my friends, without worrying which friend or family member I was with. Yet, we just don't know we're from those kids anymore.
When the toilet seats are full, I feel my dick get dirty all over the toilet seat
People who don't have jobs, are therefore the less able to go to the toilet.
"You are more valuable as an adult than as an adult" is a lie when you are an adult having to spend money on things that you don't have.
Maybe when you're asleep, your body is making a conscious effort to release something from a memory you've already stored that doesn't exist
We will never know what a future-proofing agent was actually like because of computer virus
When I was a kid there was a song about getting drunk and being angry but as an adult, I'm a fucking sober person.
People who can't be hurt by a phone or other technology have to put out phone chargers to keep it charged.
People say they can't watch the eclipse but actually enjoy it
I wonder how many miles a person has travelled each day to get there.
I'll never know how tall or soft an onion is until I actually eat a piece.
My dog is the only person I truly trust. He's my best friend, and he knows more than me about me...
If I were to be a real person, I probably would never say that I am "the smart one".
I've never seen myself as well off as I was during the first half of My Life.
People make excuses for the poor, while I get so much credit for being good at something, but at the same time they don't bother to make excuses for the rich.
You know you're old when you make fun of somebody who's a grown man.
PETA say all of the money people put into food is lost, but in reality they don't care about those that donate money back to the starving
A lot of people are afraid of being homeless, but I find myself much happier doing exactly that.
I've walked in on more people than I've walked into.
As you get older you become more of a "dad" as you get older
Most people wouldn't notice their dad getting laid if they knew who he was.
When someone else looks at me with their eyes I automatically assume it'd be them because whenever I say something like "I'm sorry dude. I'm sorry" they immediately assume that they're the one being selfish.
It’s so easy to go from a person’d in a position where they are going to be able to talk to people but at the same time it’s so easy for people to get distracted by people.
The 'Hearing aids of the future' may actually work.
People who think of themselves as lazy are the ones who don't know how to work
Eating a pizza is a lot like eating a pie
A car is a flat-earther when you're in the middle of it.
When they put "toys" in the name of toys, it just further stings their brand, since it is more associated with children
The more you think about it, the more you realize that all of our memories are just memories of the past.
The worst part about being a vampire on a really long train is the fact that your "cups" aren't on the train
Your parents are the only people who truly know you’ll be a part of this generation.
The next time you are going to bed, look back at your life as you would have probably looked back at your entire life.
The next time you are going to sleep, look back at your life as you would have likely looked back at your entire entire life.
Having an "open mind" is literally the worst form of lying. Being open to not having an "open mind" is always the only one that leads you to believe otherwise.
If you are an anti-porn movie producer you have probably spent way more time in prison than you should.
There were probably people who were extremely lucky to have a child and are still alive today due to their childhood birth.
The more a post has to say that it's true, the less true it is
Maybe the reason they're in this group is to be a leader
If a person thinks they know more about a subject than they actually do, then they really are a very bad listener of that subject in the first place.
Everyone must think I'm an idiot if I say the phrase 'Don't be stupid, make fun of me' on TV.
If I were an actor instead of a writer, I would be very different with my language.
In the real world it would be illegal to do a double take
A baby's stomach may have no bones since every part of their body is composed of bones.
Every year the number one thing we do for a living is find, recycle and recycle again on our next paycheck.
The world is a "circle of death" and you should die before you get the chance to live
What kind will my new favorite tv show be called
If I had a dollar for every time I walked into a movie theater, all of it would be on the toilet.
I wonder if humans have ever felt claustrophobic
The last time I saw a dog it was the dog's second birthday.
It's possible that the original version of the alphabet was changed to the first letter in the original versions of the alphabet.
I wonder if the people who think that we're smarter than everyone else have learned something new since then.
When you're sleeping, your body's natural energy is always at the bottom of your consciousness.
I wonder if a pregnant man could become a full time pornstar.
They should make a video to show how to properly use the toilet
There are always two types of people, those that live in a house alone and those that live with a partner.
The only difference between a dead person and a living one is a good one
I know I've been through a lot, but I am a huge fan of a lot of things.
I'm pretty sure I'm allergic to spiders. It seems that all spider bite types are allergic to spiders.
Since I'm the same age as my mum, everything is my fault. She's a terrible parent but I'm pretty sure she doesn’t.
I really don't want my future mother to go through a "death row" for not having a phone and a camera. I would probably rather have my future dad.
In the future, my dog will learn to play with dogs
The phrase "it's late for college" is more relevant when you're in college than it is when in college.
If you’re not in bed now, you are also asleep.
As someone who lives in a post apocalyptic world, the weather is now almost completely overcast compared to the earlier days.
All these movies and TV show specials are basically a remake of the "Lost in Space" movie.
We are the best at something. Everyone around us is a better scientist than other people. We learn and learn but our knowledge is still not sufficient for every human being on earth.
Every time you eat grass, the grass just gets bigger faster.
Somebody really deserves to die an innocent death and we as humans deserve to live to see a more satisfying life than they've seen in their entire lives.
Why is there an 'I' in every letter? It is your own handwriting
Why do I think we should have a "F" in "goodwill"
Why does my birthday cake get a ring when I have no birthday? Does anyone else celebrate it?
If I am buying a box of chocolate with my own money in it, if they sell me a box of the same type with my own money, would I buy chocolate, or chocolate with the money I gave?
If an animal has an innate fear of spiders, they could be scary if they didn't believe that the spider is actually scared of them.
Why is it that "Bones are just human bones"?
I bet the reason they put the 'k' after "pussy' isn't because they know the opposite sex would be more attractive.
If you don't know what a cat is, then you need to know its name. Its name isn't cat, it is not a cat.
My computer monitor is a screen shot of the screen.
It's funny that the time before people had to get tattoos/socks. The time before they needed to wash their hands. The time before we used to have to keep our hands clean.
The internet is constantly trying to answer the question: Are we alive because we have more information than our bodies can tell us?
If we're living in an alternate universe, there might be a person in here that has a good memory of the same events we witnessed in the past.
Actors are just the actors from the past on the screen
When I watch porn I always want to watch them just for the plot, because it makes me feel better about myself.
If it was me who killed myself it would probably be called "death"
If you want to be part of something, you have to start somewhere, not start somewhere
When I'm around old people who have a bad job my job description can actually be really annoying.
Having a baby with your exes is like having a baby with your grandmother. She gives you the baby you need.
Maybe the reason we get sick is because we are lazy.
Hanging out with people who drink from a pool is like taking a nap.
As a child, I always thought that I only watched a few episodes of Teen Mom. Yet, now that I'm a parent, I watched an entire movie and watched every episode as a kid, so I don't think I miss a single episode of Teen Mom.
There are an entire range of words, but in order to think you have to use them in combination.
If life started in the shower I'd probably eat every single thing I can.
If I had known what life was like then i would have probably been dead before i got old.
You know you've put yourself past age 40 when you start buying shit.
In a weird way, "Discovery Channel" looks way more like a really popular TV show than an actual reality show.
The first generation to be raised on smartphones is going to have much worse access to social media than the first generation used to.
Do dogs think us humans are inhumane?
I wish we could put the slogan "the greatest thing to come" in the front of our cars instead of our smartphones.
I bet we're all at the right place at the right place at the right time in the right time
In this day and age, when a song is really about something great happen when someone's at work
I wonder how many guys who have the same thoughts and feelings as me have as well. I wonder if my mind would let me think about something I enjoy more?
I wonder if you've ever been at a party, and nobody's saying something wrong because everyone was drunk and having a good time.
I've always thought women had an easier time getting laid, if you ever get laid.
The first person to walk on the moon must have had a hard time getting in shape.
If a guy/guy in a bar is in the pub where the bar is, they should be called the barbersmen.
Sears is an old-school name for a restaurant with the same name that comes up
Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is just THC.
When you sleep, you are literally the living embodiment of the afterlife.
Soup/veggie pancakes in the morning are just one layer of fries
What if people were really short because they had a heart attack or something but not after going down stairs?
If the earth is round, there's an even bigger hole in our atmosphere than the hole of the sun
Your parents would be a lot more forgiving if you told them the year from your birth date of birth.
We may be at an era where we were told to go out and chill and we were there. We've all been here.
A zombie movie would make more sense if it's a zombie movie where there are still no vampires or zombies.
You never realise how deep your nose is until you are standing on it
You know you didn't like you when your tongue is full, then you're actually disappointed in your tongue
Washing your hands constantly is probably one of the longest and most painful ways of wiping your hands.
Gifs should have a filter button so that if you ever don't want to change it, you don't have to worry about having to see your profile.
It's ironic that when we’re young, we try something out in public. Now that we’re adults we try something out in public.
The only real difference between being on the cover of a magazine and being on the cover is you
Someday you'll come down to a big movie like "Gran Tur" where the movie is about a man who's a serial killer.
People who only ever work at home will find out very quickly that they're not really doing anything productive.
In the future you could have sex with someone but there will be no "no problems" because they will die in your arms/back or both
If all the letters "S" and "h" were written simultaneously, it would be hard to tell each other apart.
Every time you say a “hello” sound, a person is asking someone what the hell they're saying and an answer is coming from the center of your head.
Sometime in your life, you will have to stop watching the news because of the lack of content today.
No matter how young a person you are, if you ever get a job you expect the same level of self assurance in a job interview, I know you've never met the person
If you lose the lottery every lottery ticket is a lottery ticket. If you lose money each lottery ticket is a lottery ticket.
We never really hear about the person who had to leave the house because there was no one there.
If something is literally impossible, shouldn't it be possible, but impossible?
Having to do things you hate makes me feel uncomfortable
An all-terrain vehicle being an all-terrain vehicle would be a great example of "you won the race if you got into it"
The first time you're ever thrown out of a lift could be the first time your first lift was thrown in
If you have a crush, and you're really just a guy in a guy's world, this would pretty much be where they start dating.
I wonder if the reason so many black men get off on the same stuff is because no one would have considered it at a level where it would actually make them more relevant.
"You are an adult" is the age old adage.
People who say their babies must make up their own stories are usually the same as our parents.
I wonder if the first person to use a pencil thought she saw a ghost or something.
Dairy balls are great at making meat that looks like it's just going to leave it's mark on the grass next to something solid.
If I didn't know if my food tastes like I wanted it to I could go see a dentist and get rid of it
At one time there were a couple dozen people who would buy a baby and call her "that baby"
Do you think girls in the 90s saw that being called "the girl of the family" as a compliment?
I wonder what my favorite songs were when I was a kid.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory was about a group of schoolmates growing up with a relationship with their school bus, but that was about it - a bunch of people going from having to talk about work, to having to talk about sex.
Most food companies tell kids not to eat when it's on Sunday for the week and not Monday and not the week and not the week.
For a long time, there was a time when everyone lived in their own home but they never slept in.
The only time I see my dog walking are when I am looking at him outside or playing with my dogs on the sidewalk
No matter how much I want food to go or how much money I have, it always comes down to what food feels good for my organs to eat.
When we watch tv it's like watching the next episode of an episode because there will be more episodes.
We now think that cars that have to be driven up a hill are more efficient than the ones that don't
I should post to my website the percentage of people who would want to see me on it but wouldn't want to
I wonder how many people are sitting on each other's shoulders.
I only feel bad after I've heard a song that I know well
It's always on the first page that people are less concerned with the content, and more at the content
If I was able to fly, I would be in the space race.
There should be a website called 'I've got a little baby on the way' that is actually about life on the planet.
I have never seen a guy in the shower have sex right after he finishes his poo.
Being a good teacher/manager is literally the internet equivalent to being a jerk
I never truly understood why it is that girls get so annoyed when they see me on social media
My best memories come from when I was young
My wife is basically my stepmom, but I don't notice if she doesn't know how much I hate her
Hearing "My dog is a dick" or "My cat is a bitch" will have the exact opposite effect as "The cat is a bitch."
If I was able to kill myself using my cat, I would consider eating her.
It should be mandatory to put a camera on people's phones that will record what they do to get their mind off things.
If the term "scaring people" is just a fancy way to say "taking people’s shit," then why not say that people take their shit?
When it comes to Reddit, I find my posts are way too offensive.
If you were to take someone out for a walk in the woods, would it be considered a walk in the park?
You know they're at the top of the world when they ask for your food when you are being hungry and then ask for your medicine and then immediately try again.
If you watch a movie (or show, or show) on the internet, everyone there is the same person on the other end of the internet. You just have an infinite number of different things that everybody in any other part of the world can look at.
Coffee is the only food with the flavor of water.
You can make the internet seem like a real world show, but you can ruin the Internet in real life.
Criminals with a bad record don't buy guns. They just sell their illegal arms.
The reason it's not a crime to steal a car is because if a thief steals a car, they get into a car and run the hell out
There must be an episode of "Superbad" where someone literally gets killed on the show
When we were kids, we often assumed we were the smartest geniuses in the room. When we're adults, we assume we are actually the smartest geniuses in the room.
The biggest time we spend on social media is waiting after work to talk to new friends
You don’t have to be a genius to make a video game and watch an anime, you can do it.
The game is the main character in a game.
You cannot take a test without proof, so you have to prove it.
People will say you were lazy when you say that you work harder than you do because you aren’t allowed to do that.
The only time you ever go to sleep at the same time you get to see it is when you’re in school
Why aren’t all of the things you have in your body immortal?
It's a miracle how small an animal can get.
If a dog gets up in the morning and yawns before they sleep, then who’s the dog in here for?
It's hard to be an unemployed mom who works a little bit to maintain a household.
We all have things on our phones that we don’t even think about anymore.
I can tell you no one trusts you when you are in the bathroom with a dog, but I always believe you when you leave the bathroom alone with a dog.
You can use the microwave to cook rice
I would love to see an actor in a movie or TV show that actually had the ability to get away with lying.
If you put your cat in a cage, it will only make a little noise, and you can literally do anything with it.
If you had to watch as many shows as the people you are closest to, it would probably be the most expensive show.
Saying your favorite actor is someone who plays in shows that you watched for your entire adult life is probably the least popular piece of trivia about who they are.
What if the only thing we're really looking at is the things we think are best?
The same thing happens to a person who is allergic to food.
I wonder if I have ever heard "The Girl With the Golden Holes." (In English)
"Eating cheese as a kid was the first thing I didn't like about my mom."
Every time I take an extra step, I just stop and take a second.
My dog hates dogs.
The guy who was supposed to save human life is a robot and the guy who was supposed to save human life is an AI
There should be a "travelling" lane in every pub, similar to a highway.
The '50s show about Jim Gilligan's "Houses" is kind of like a bunch of '30s shows about how much we enjoyed getting together for beer
If a book series is a "Hobbit/House" the title should be 'Hobbits'
My favorite song with a guitar is the song "How I Got My Name" by R.E.M.
A good idea is a perfect plan, if one has to make it.
If I'm not the driver, I should probably try driving the other guy's car in reverse.
I wonder how many times I have heard someone talking about things they didn't do while they were driving.
When I say "Don't be dumb," I just say, "I'm doing it dumb," and assume it all goes away.
I've only taken the shower once in my life
Willy Wonka would have been much more successful as a Disney villain for telling a joke over coffee.
If there are no real wars, and the only real wars are with other countries, then all the wars are just countries waging wars on one country. And we all just go out hunting.
I can literally move things with my brain, but no one can talk to me because they have no idea what I'm doing.
Maybe we should have an emergency alarm app where we know, when you are getting out the fart, that there are more explosions coming than before.
If porn has a "no ads" policy... Do I really think this is supposed to be my website?
If this was a world without wars or any other things then WW2 would still be a massive fiasco.
I wonder if anyone noticed that the number of people who have died from brain injury in the last year has increased.
The world would be a much better place if every child you saw was now an adult.
I wish people would actually be lazy when they're working their asses off.
I bet the people who work the clock in the gym probably wear sweat pants every day.
Do animals use their tail to hide fur or do they just want their tail to show off their furry friends, to hide from animals?
If you ever look at a person with big red eyes you realise they're not big red they're normal, but if you look at people with their face painted by a dark colored person they look like regular people.
The fact that we can say "there in the woods" rather than "there in the woods" is the equivalent of someone saying "there is a place I can live" instead of "there is a place I can live"
Why is it called a "wet road" even though it is made up of wet air? In the sense that you take water, it's wet?
The new ‘f*cked’ tag, which I've noticed has more negative points, is gonna take the popularity of ‘f*cked’ down a notch.
A daydream about you makes the next week, so the next day in the dream is the same as the previous 2.
I like to think my dad's a dog.
The first time you see a ghost is the same time to see someone who was actually dead
There's always a chance that you don't have to see it.
I'm afraid of being judged for looking "different" for different reasons.
I'm scared of having to use a condom if there is a penis inside me.
If someone was to live in a zoo, they still would have the same thing.
I wonder if the human population in the wild can count on the animal kingdom.
Sleeping is like an ice cold shower.
When you put the first person in a car into a corner, you're literally making an automatic speed stop.
I think we've all been in a bad place in our childhood, but I haven't in a bad place in my adult life.
If I want a car I need a way to not get stranded in a car wreck.
What if all living things are made of dead things?
I've never seen a sign for "Don't get mad at me" or a sign for "I'm just sorry"
What if the universe is a simulation, but the only way I got to know it was a simulation was through a video game
"The world is ending", "It's over", "It's not over yet"... That's one hell of a number.
If my life was a long story, it would be "The last day of the year"
My life is so random. But I don't remember when.
People say that you can be a rich person but you can be a poor person. Most of them aren't rich. They're poor because they're rich.
If you're not an entrepreneur, you can be an entrepreneur if you need to be.
Trying to make a life partner with a "successful" woman will be your life
I get so much gratification from using "just my experience" instead of "experience" in terms of being a good example
I should probably save the world a lot of money from selling my car
I wonder what "littering" feels like to people who don't know what it is.
People who don’t pay to buy groceries must be really confused as to why they never buy the ingredients for their groceries from people with their money
We all live on the top of the mountain in a mountain.
Everytime you think about it, a girl gets in shape.
People have never been so embarrassed by what they smell like.
A really good day at work would be when people are at work and you are not so stressed out..
No one has ever actually put the keys on top of the wheel.
People who are self-destructive are constantly telling their kids that they are going to hell if they decide to drop their life savings on a dead man's grave and be okay with it
It would be pretty cool if our body was just in a circle around the internet.
When children cry, it’s normal that humans cry too.
We've all seen the Earth fall, but when we see it falling, we thought we're seeing the sun go.
Bats are just wingless birds.
If someone gets laid, it looks like it's just their fault.
If you cut and paste is as painful as cutting and paste is for those who bite their own nose, you are literally cutting a hole and paste.
A bar is just a little place where it's illegal to drink.
People who work in advertising are always just being paid, because if they work in advertising they're paid to go out there.
The only people who know more about the past than they know today are the people that work in ad campaigns today.
The future may be full of people who are addicted to porn and just want to use them as a way to do their social experiment.
If we ever learn why animals evolved and what made us like dogs and cats, we never could have a pet.
“What’s that noise?” Is silent in this world or is it the sound of a dog's mouth being licked by another dog?
If someone dies in a car crash without knowing what it feels like, they would probably not realize it after all.
We don’t know or even care about the smell of the sea, since it’s just part of the water we breathe.
If you go swimming at a race track in New Orleans, all races are at swimming speed
Your parents are the best reason you think your parents are bad at math.
In the future there will be people who say the most horrible things about humanity, from the past.
If you're playing a video game and then play the same object and the same movement you get an odd color when you try to play it differently
The time you wait after driving an ambulance seems to be wasted. Unless you think the ambulance is supposed to be coming right back after.
There is nowhere near the place you are right now without a shadow.
People who say that animals are the "little people" are also the "little things" that people say they are.
When you're the youngest child and nobody around you wants you to be older you need to be the oldest in school to find that older you.
Movies of the future is the 90's without the movies being true.
For the first time, you've probably had to pee every now and then.
A lot of people die in the hospital, and we will never know them
If one day, we create a digital version of Wikipedia, we will be able to say what's current information in one language
If someone has an "unexpected" dream, they're usually the one who thinks of it as "normal".
The most common human goal, is to be the first human being born on Earth.
Sperm can be any kind of liquid, but liquid isn't an organ.
It's technically impossible to use an actual microwave without a microwaving cord.
What if, thanks to the advent of smartphones, people's lives in Australia have gotten better and better each time someone is trying to impress other people in the US?
In the future, there will be a show called "You Can't Help But Die Alone" that's going to revolve around two dudes trying to convince the girls they're being hot.
People who want to get a girlfriend must be incredibly stressed, because their date doesn't even come close to fulfilling their long term goal of becoming a man.
How many times has the term "the good times" actually gone out of fashion?
If a country gets a free vote for the most recent year, does every country that has a free vote vote for the last year?
We should put the number of children we have before the number of deaths we've committed (as opposed to the proportion) on a computer.
If you are a doctor, you're the oldest doctor in the world.
There is no such thing as a bad song
I'm getting married, and I feel the urge to buy something for the moment, but don't know that I will.
When we look at the future, people will be thinking we were watching a movie, but they are actually just looking at the future.
My biggest fears are if I ever catch someone who is wearing a costume to a movie. Or if I ever catch someone wearing a costume in a movie.
Every time I wash my hand I do a "take this clean" to make sure I just haven't fallen asleep.
I spend most of my free time in the bathroom thinking about how to get in my car but when I have to go to the bathroom it feels as weird as I do on a daily basis.
The first person to have a kid is the youngest person to ever make it
"I really appreciate that you've given me an outlet to act, but I'd rather I'm the one who's doing it because I don't want you to mess up your plan."
Do you think the first person born in the year 2000 was the first person to die in 2004 in the year 2002?
I wonder if there is a time in the universe where my dad has more than two hundred years of history but can never find out about it.
If you are in love, and someone asks you a question and you respond, you're being good. But if someone asks you a question and you have a response and you get on with it, you're breaking the rules.
It's weird how we are all in this together but we take the responsibility for the world with us
How have I never given a hug to anyone except to people I know
When you use your smartphone as a camera, you are basically just watching people blink while they're watching an ad.
You never see your mom look at your shoulder blades.
The same people that have the most kids in heaven should be able to do that to you.
Falling asleep is the opposite of going into your house. Every time you fall, you're losing all of your energy and time.
If all the girls in School were beautiful, we would probably look at all of them like our kids
Maybe aliens are actually trying to conquer us and they're trying to destroy us by eating our flesh.
If we're a society, then the only reason to have a gun is to fight crime.
They say that if you're doing something right, it's good, but if you're doing something you're bad.
It takes a whole season to get your face done.
Every person alive today has seen at least one of us.
If you can have a pet, why can't you have a friend?
With the internet you’re seeing more and more porn
Some people are too smart to have kids by their parents, but in fact they have two sons. So who cares if they get a second one too...
We're all living in the moment. A moment it's like we've already died.
If people could not be bothered with paying the rent it would not only be a lot cheaper but it would be a far easier time to pay in today’s money.
Eating is the only form of food considered "good"
Tastes like a burrito but with cheese in it
When you're watching a video on your phone, you will feel as though it’s a picture, while when you're on it, when you stare at it, you will see in your mind a picture of a dream you want to stay in.
The more people talk about how we're not in this world because our dreams are real, the closer we are to being in it, the less we want to be.
We have never stopped reading books on the way to the future.
The term "shower thoughts" has been going around with a trend of people getting more and more worried about peeing and worrying about peeing in public
We are always the youngest when we pee in the tub, and older when we pee in the bathroom.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is where people start becoming obsessed with how they’re the coolest person in the world
It would probably take a lot more than a full week in hell to make a full time job
The more I watch the ads for shampoo and conditioner the worse things become.
I have never seen anything in between the two points on the map of the Milky Way.
When I see someone I can't even tell where their foot is, I can only tell where theirs is
I wonder if Bill Murray got his wish
It would be really weird if we were all in one house and everyone was just outside.
I always thought there would be a large amount of kids who were born in the 1990s.
If I ever get married every time I see it on Reddit I'll have the same result.
I wonder if the same people who would have thought that dogs were evil were the same ones they're said to be evil.
Is it worse to work out that we work our whole lives to lose weight, or do we just enjoy working out?
You won't be able to talk to your parents but you will be able to talk to an adult.
Maybe we can learn about what happened on your last trip to the ISS, and we can learn about what to do by telling us about the ISS in the future
When you're home alone, the older you get the more you appreciate yourself but if you were in the car with someone while you had a new phone its a different story.
If the average human is half as tall as half the people around him, could half the average human be considered to be half as tall?
No matter how far you get to the middle of the screen, there is always an infinite amount of pixels.
The term "red hot", is a synonym for "stinky".
People who are really bad at dating are like high profile people who always get in trouble.
Maybe the only reason I have friends is because I am not paying a lot to have friends.
A good way to prevent people from finding out you are gay is to keep reminding yourself you're not gay is to keep reminding everyone. If your friends are gay, you really aren't in gay relationship.
If the whole point of a life is to just not go to work or school, the reason I can't get laid is because my job sucks.
I'm not going to sleep tonight because tonight is going to be my night of the week.
There are a lot of dogs because they're called pet dogs because of how they're given.
The only reason I didn't start this AMA is so that I could have a better chance of getting invited by someone I have an audience with.
If you get a call from your dad that he's looking for a new job, he automatically comes to you for any job you ever had before
If you watch a movie without subtitles, then you also see subtitles.
My parents probably watched the Titanic
If you lose your mind, the dream is over before you are able to stop yourself.
The phrase: "Everything we want, comes at a price" is an attempt to describe the price of things that we don't want.
I wonder what my dog's idea of humor is, and if it's good enough to show me?
"Toothbrush" sounds like a really stupid way of saying "tuck".
Why is it called a "hair" when it's all hair on one side but a "hair" on other?
What if, in the last generation, our grandchildren were to be made of DNA that somehow gave off the original characteristics?
We should create a program that allows you to type into an email address and automatically respond to the email with a list of possible replies...
If my body was real in my soul I would become fat, and if I had a body of muscle for no real reason I would grow up and feel extremely skinny.
You can't know if your body is "real"
Everyone has a different opinion on how I should feel in my life.
I feel that after 20 years, in all likelihood I will be writing a book.
My kids never hear this song about losing their virginity, it's just me.
I could watch "A-Drama" and never see a porno.
I wonder if anyone has ever heard how the first year of college taught me to use condoms
In 100 years, most of the world will be the same amount of people that are dead the other day that they were born.
A lot of my life decisions went into writing / editing / rewriting / coding / figuring out how to write a song. A LOT of it I just went to get to know my mom.
What if the reason there are so many pornstars is because they have to work and don't want to be bored?
What if there's an alien species who was created, which is called "Jupiter, the planet whose creator, J.P.R.E., first created life?"
I wonder if I've ever said an unsolicited "I'm not attractive on this subreddit, I'm just as beautiful in your face" remark.
If the human body was just an ant hivemind, maybe the only thing that it could look up would be a mirror
Having more money is the new free time.
Trying to figure out if my cat is aggressive or not is a much different matter
The fact that I don't have an old toothbrush for the end of my life is like the old me not getting a toothbrush for the end of my life in the end.
A person is literally just one giant atom in a whole bunch of different molecules.
Do all our pets use their poo to treat themselves?
The more I know about the past, the more I know I have the knowledge about the future
The song "The Last Word" is a song about a person who is told to "die hard"
Cars should have a "dieters" feature so that all the food you buy is made of a specific portion of the body's fat.
I never thought the phrase "I'm glad I ate an animal" until I realized where the "e" is on both the bottom and top
I wish a guy could really walk on the footbridge.
Maybe the reason why I am on a "I'm glad I ate an ant" diet is because I feel like some random guy would really like the taste of food in my mouth.
Every time I think about my time in elementary school, I think about how far the universe has moved since the invention of the telephone.
For a short period of time, I've been dreaming about being able to use my brain.
The fact that I like to use this phrase “You're not attractive on this subreddit, you're just ugly in here” makes me really think about people who used to be attractive.
Reddit would be filled with people with high levels of personality traits because everyone knows what really separates them from others.
I have never really known a single person who went through puberty.
The amount of times you can tell a lie is infinite and it’s just as easy as it is to show up when it’s not the truth.
Since people will use "it's just a computer" for all of future time and there will eventually be so many people who need that computer that they'll use it at all times, and it is the computer that is the computer.
If the Universe just started to die it would be time to make sure everything dies
When you drink from a lube cup it’s actually just using your mouth.
In all seriousness, there are two completely different types of people, and the majority of us all have never tried to be with them
The first thing we should do in the first room we leave at any given time is to have our house in shape and to make sure we can't be bothered sleeping that night
If every picture of you was taken by a picture of you you would still be known as a picture.
If you were the first to fall asleep, then you will know every other dream that happened this whole time.
If the humans had any sense of humour, their whole lives would just be the story of people using drugs in front of their eyes.
Hockey players are paid based on how good they are at their instrument.
Most people want to do all the things that will help them live an adult life. The majority that will have a serious problem or injury that will impact them as a kid and grow up.
If life was such a slow grind and the same amount of people were doing everything right, there would be a lot of good people to pick up after your phone
Maybe aliens are trying to get us to think that there is a cure for cancer.
It has never seemed as if I have ever been able to get the best quality of the food my family eats.
People who don't use “recovery” as an adjective are the worst
In the future, when we have time travel technology, we will be able to download the most popular apps of the last three decades, like Google Play.
The best time to read is after reading the post from the most prestigious journal ever.
It seems like everyone, especially when there are only a handful of people, can't believe a single thing they get said.
When people say "the good thing is always the latter", my life would be a lot different if I didn't have to go around looking for the former.
As kids, I always wondered how people would respond in real life to being an adult
Having a family is the more rewarding feeling when you work, play, or take any other activity that would be completely pointless.
If I went on my wedding day I would have probably made a point of showing her my bouquet from before I left, instead of when she leaves.
If you go on a dating app, they can let you know that you really need to date them. If they don't send you a "do you have a date?" you just can't wait.
If the earth was flat, would the sky be bright or dim?
If there were enough aliens on earth, how would we know if they're still alive and if we're going to be able to take them?
There's a common, but false, sense in that it's an oxymoron that your dog doesn't trust you about something you just bought and they won't trust you again
How come the Internet doesn't shut down at the end of a day
There's a good chance we are getting older because the world has become corrupted by the rise of Facebook
Telling your child to shut up and to shut up is the same thing as telling your wife to shut up and shut up.
No one trusts their own hands when it comes to their hands
You are always right and I'm always wrong.
Everyone seems to start from the same place
My house is in the middle of a tree in the middle of the country, so my room is in the middle of the middle of the country.
You know what is a house that's really big and I know it
You can probably find a lot of old people in this world, just by looking and hearing things that have been around longer than we do.
As an actor, I am always happy and satisfied when my camera stays stuck in a scene without losing the focus.
The human eye can see colors, but your eyes only see red.
We should probably be able to download videos from our smartphones, because the human brain would only let us see our pictures.
Your phone should automatically send a countdown timer for how long you stay the night.
The best way to help people that have ADHD is to be on your phone during your day and give feedback to your family.
Bees are like insects that reproduce by mating.
You're only allowed to drink water when you have "an accident". You're allowed to put a hole in a pipe without the danger of leaks.
The Earth is a flat area, but it's also filled with water. Earth has been in orbit for about 7 billion years and the sky has been around for about 1000 years. It would've been a lot more realistic to be an archaeologist.
The people who are going to die on this Planet are really bad at figuring out the exact time from which the sun's rays arrive.
Pleisants are also asexual
A lot of people who listen to "I love you but I can’t stop talking" are probably lying when they say they have no problem with all the other people hearing it.
There should be a 'wtf is life like' list for those who don't think you can get to the bottom of everything.
If women were able to talk they’d be more likely to get along with guys
If you think about it, people have really great hair
If you are in a relationship with someone of the opposite sex for almost 4 years it's not a good idea to have sex with them.
The thing that you dont want to see is how your partner responds.
We all grew up hating when you made someones life with the same amount of trust and affection as you had.
It’s never a good idea to have food in a safe place, and it’s never a good idea to have food in a safe place.
You can feel the power of two voices when you “die”
No matter how often we talk about “life sucks” it's ok. We like how it feels until someone “gets in a fight”.
People who have a "I don't know" attitude are the reason dogs run in the park.
I wonder if anything in my brain is actually a reflection of how I see myself in real life.
I wonder what the difference between the words "breathe" and "beep" is
If your dog can walk and say, "You’re a cat," then a cat eating a human can also say, "You're a dog."
It is strange that we are all pretty smart as a species.
I wonder what my first thought was when I was younger.
"Sucking the life out of my friends" sounds so normal. But we don’t actually have to tell our own lives to keep us happy.
You know you're getting old is when your mom or dad gets upset when you don't have the energy to do anything productive
If the internet had a clock time of 7 seconds, people would probably go on asking themselves "what the hell is the world doing?".
They should turn off their "Bathroom" in the bathroom.
At what point does someone say, "If only one person has died", if that was the first time?
The most frustrating challenge at all of my life is not going to make it to the end of my porn collection.
The only reason I'm still not able to walk the dog is because I've got too many balls.
If I had a dollar amount that was in the bank I would only be able to get rid of a little of it
If someone dies in a car accident, would they be considered a murderer?
The internet is a huge source of information but my brain doesn't know what it is.
What if our ancestors all had a version of "we don't know" but our ancestors all thought the original version was a hoax?
If you are the best at the most, you still have what it takes to be the best
All dogs are like "you can't hit me" but dogs are always hitting me
Why don't all "fucking mamas" try to make their own music?
I know what a kennel is for guys but I don't know what a kennel is for women
I'm pretty sure that when I'm on my phone watching TV, my voice turns into a sound like the camera.
Caterpillars are both life and death
The second you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you drink the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the second thing you take the third thing you take the second thing you take the second thing you take the second thing you take the second thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third thing you take the third part you take the third you take the third thing you take the third part of you take you you you take the third part of you take you you go the third is probably not a good name for a pornstar.
If the NSA discovered that a private browsing address was in contact with a friend of all known NSA, they would be able to use the data to gain access to all the phone conversations and email conversations they had ever had.
"In the future" means something very similar to the present.
It is really difficult to say no when someone has a conversation. We all only know about it when someone has sex, and yet we also know about it when someone is masturbating to a different species.
You know you’re getting old when you realize you’re looking forward to your first year after graduation
Getting drunk to get off is kind of like buying a new pair of socks
It must be really weird when you get a chance to go to a bar but then you ask someone for a beer.
Gum is just the human equivalent of wet-fingers.
Everything has a reason, it’s just a matter of how you react.
Being a child in the 80's, going to college in 2000's, living in 2000's, and living in 2000's.
Humans were the first species to have evolved to be the "new-born"
There are so many bad ass memes on r/nosleep that it's pretty easy to make up.
If you lose weight you lose your shit
Most people at work are in their late teens or early 20s and have never started a movie.
Baking a cake is a pretty dirty work
An elevator is just a huge roller coaster
Dogs must be so fucking weird to have hair on their back
An entire generation has been born without knowing that it's a male
If a female cat has been born in a world that was created to create men, then men are a female because humans are created to create men
It isn’t just you guys that have a problem with being confused. It’s all of you who don't know which one of you need help with.
It's easier to be alone and to have a normal day than it is to have a normal day
If you make a video of yourself going to work tomorrow, you're technically a parent.
If you’re watching Spongebob's Christmas special, the entire series is about you.
The only way to get out of a shitty relationship is to not be the person you think you are
The phrase “I’m just like you” sounds very similar to “you’s” but “you’ got one” is probably the same.
If vampires were in real life, they wouldn’t be so much attracted to humans as they would be to vampires.
I bet a lot of the people that say "don't call me crazy", aren't totally insane.
Socks are just panties to hide all the other socks in between them.
The difference between high school and college is pretty much the same.
In the future, there's gonna be a lot of people who don't like that people have to live with their parents for the rest of their lives.
If I had an idea for a movie, I would make it into the "The Martian" movie.
Someone would be really awesome at finding the way to the bathroom in a horror movie because they'd never see how to walk up to the toilet.
The world could be a little different if all the people in the world were naked.
People that wear flip flops at parties feel like they can never be the same.
"I just saw you," is kind of a compliment since people see the same things before they see you.
Movies are like real life experiments to make us want to experience some more of the world.
If the word "Fucking" could refer to anything that is actually farting, it would be a vagina
As long as our bodies work, we'll be able to live normal lives.
What if the reason we can't get married would be because there are people in the world who won't let sex be an issue?
The person who invented "sperm bank" was the person who coined the term "sperm bank", which came from the term "sperm bank".
If everyone had a single sex partner, how many of you actually masturbated?
I don't wish for more things to happen with animals. I wish the amount of times I've "moved to town" would go down.
Celery seeds have been used for millennia in the culinary world, and yet I wonder if the "meat used to make this" phrase is a meme.
Why don't chefs prepare food differently from other restaurant menus, like a "gourmet" menu?
It's so cool to not have to deal with some of the most popular opinions on the subreddit, but I wonder how much time has passed when people have complained about it.
We should create a company called "How to make a good product"
Waffles are pancakes with a fork and some batter
Bread is a good way to get a good workout
Having you "play" a video instead of an audio is the adult equivalent of playing with a gun. This doesn't even make sense because it only works with the most dangerous videos.
I never feel I was the smartest person on earth/person.
An empty seatbelt only makes you the loudest guy's butt.
If you live in New York City, you'll probably have friends in Gotham City named Christopher (or Christopher or Christopher).
If a group had a time limit to be allowed to have sex once in the evening, it would have to be a completely different night.
Some of my friends get super stressed as I get older, but it's my job to be more attentive than the world will allow me to be. It's the job of teachers to ensure I don't just get in trouble.
They should make a cartoon/ movie about a couple, based off their own wedding vows, by putting Jesus in it. I feel like there's a real life version of Jesus in this one.
When you walk into a room with a full set of lights, is that always lightsabotting?
Porn is an adult industry that wants other guys to feel appreciated for their talent.
"Go to the bathroom first" and "I don't have to go" are two different things. So does that sound like an insult?
The Internet has ruined so many jobs, people need to learn to work.
In a year or two, the internet will probably be dead when all the posts I see by the comments section die.
"What is it?" is like "How is it?"
I wonder if the first time I ever heard a "Hello" or "Hello" was from someone.
I wonder if there is a group of people in the world that are famous that I never met or even know.
The "We" in "Pee Wee" and "I'm not in it for the money" would make a great meme.
If there is an afterlife, will humans have to work for money?
Everyone is a "friend" to themselves, but many are considered annoying to others.
I often get my "girlfriend" in from the bathroom. "You have to pee before you get in here".
The "New Year is just a bunch of people getting holiday ideas" attitude feels a lot like the "New Years" attitude.
If you're eating something that's "free online," you're essentially saying you have to pay for the thing you wanted.
A lot of people find a dead body weird as well as weird to find a dead body
The only reason children need their hair cut is so they don't have more bad hair.
When the sun rises and the clouds are falling a day and a night they are the same
Pizza rolls are the pizza bread. A sandwich rolls are the crust. I like it a lot more than a pizza rolls.
The universe as it exists is only a piece of DNA with one complete thought
If you're sick of your own personal jokes and want to do your own personal jokes, do it.
What if the "bad" words are actually used in the spelling of the words?
I wonder if a pornstar is just really bored in their lives and tries to find a new part of themselves.
"The Matrix" is just a glorified film.
I wonder if the one who gets paid the most is the one who thinks the most when they get hit the hardest.
I think I've never seen anything like a "Cannibals" in the US.
The guy who claims there was an asteroid that exploded and now it's stuck to Earth and that's about to fall is still alive.
How would the Earth respond to the invention of time travel? It would be so cool.
I wonder how much of the planet we live on has to be on land or can't be touched by humans.
If I had to do laundry, I'd spend the equivalent of a $20 a day in order to do laundry and be pretty much a millionaire
I wonder how much of my life I'll live without seeing myself through the rest of it because I've decided that I can't afford to live in an age when I can really get my shit together
If I were to open a bakery in the US, I'd bake it up to the same ratio of other countries.
Every day, one day is just a birthday. At any point in the life of a person, this day can be the day you’ve missed one of the last time you’re there.
Being an adult is like an adult being an adult
If everything was made of iron - when you were younger, you knew everything about everything
I wonder if the only reason I have a hard time talking to my friends is because they have no idea who I am
My cats do "Penguin's litter box" when they're very old.
If something good is happening on the horizon, I'm going to wait until it's an accident to see if I can fix it
I wonder if it was ever a good idea to play a video game called, "Nitekari" with a bunch of people in it.
I wonder how many times I've seen the same person from somewhere that was always the other person in my lives.
I wonder if, in the future, our descendants will be told to "get the fuck out of here"
All of the dogs in the movie "The Lion King" were killed.
The first ever TV show based on my favorite books of all time would probably be ruined because it's based on the "New York Times Best Seller" series.
You can't truly trust a product that you don't use.
My thoughts are my thoughts
I'm not really sure if I'm a vegetarian.
Everywhere is a better place than it was. (Unless I used my computer to make a really shitty clock.
My favorite colors are white, red, and blue.
I'm a huge fan of the idea of the phrase, "If you'd ask for money you'd still get the worst deal"
You know you're having a good time when all the people in the crowd just start singing
People who don't have kids will never be able to experience any kind of life that we would think of as normal.
What if life wasnt for adults and they’re all just like us? How would people feel about being a toddler?
If you had a "You are being selfish" sign on your phone, people would try to kill you for not being a good parent. That would mean you’re a criminal and a murderer, and probably not gonna make fun of anyone that wants to kill you.
You could be an asshole just for being a good parent.
The best song about falling asleep is usually the one in the future
If your life is in your pocket and you have nothing to use it for, you should be able to turn it into cash.
There are many, many more people wearing a shirt that I didn't see in the mall, but I bet most of them have had more friends than I do.
Is the Earth's oceans an underwater lake?
How did a snake grow up in the wild, and why do they still eat bugs?
A car is a huge part of a human's life. A house is a big part of your family.
There should be a website that shows you how many times you've been shown that it had been seen.
I wonder if I've had enough sleep that I've gotten the feeling that other people are more tired than I am
My whole life I've been able to walk away from the truth and put the blame on my mistakes.
A person is a lot stronger than a horse.
Since everything is so much smaller, the universe must be like a 2D version of myself
The worst thing about time travel is that it's an alternate reality
I hope to spend much more and more time looking at things in the last decade than in the past...
Life will be harder if you're older, then have only ever played Minecraft
The "Life is Strange" Trailer for The Walking Dead is better in terms of plot than the trailer for this film.
If your body is in a different place from your brain and you wake up from a dream, you start to be more conscious and can use your brain more.
If the brain was in an alternate dimension, we’d live in it's alternate timeline..
Daredevil is basically the anti-psychotic of superhero comics. He gets out of his prison to try and save his life - he spends the majority of his time trying to convince himself he's a superhero to prevent others from harming him.
The first human to use a hammer is a hero.
You can never fully trust yourself without feeling yourself.
There is no point to telling the world what your dreams are.
No matter what happens with the Harry Potter movies, they’ll always be a perfect couple, if both of them die and nobody dies to make it.
I never thought that I was going to leave today if I didn't notice tomorrow.
There should be a book about the life stories of the people who invented the telephone.
I wonder if someone who invented the term "scary" would call herself a scary to a bunch of people
Saying "I'm sorry" while apologizing for something is a great way to erase all recollection. Saying "I'm not sorry" while also having someone else know that memory is erased, is just as terrible.
If you want a nice place to stay, the whole place should be at night.
There are a lot of people who were born in 1914 when WWII began.
Do people with "a few" and a "few" say "there are more than 1" or a phrase like "there are no"
I hate it when I get mad at a dumbass dumbass to get mad but when I get mad I really care about their stupid behaviour.
There's no point in doing anything. What counts is what you do.
If the Earth is flat, then how many times do we have to wipe our hands?
I wonder how many people I've ever had sex with have died in my lifetime.
No one's ever had sex with me, but now that we all have we will say it's a good time to say it.
I wonder if a time traveler would have had a dream about how fast a time machine would be if it used real time?
If the answer to the first question is in "no," does that answer make no sense?
I wonder how many people think you're on your way to becoming an adult while you're drunk
If the world is a simulation then I can't tell if "a couple of the characters would be happy."
I wonder if people who've read the bible don't read it like they read the bible
My kids could be in different places. They are born after school and they've never played outside. I need to teach them to read because there's no real comfort and an anxiety about what kind of adult they'd be.
Somehow I've never seen a person on the internet with a picture of themselves
What is the equivalent of "I'd rather make the best porn I can make than the lowest quality?"
Whenever one of the things I do on reddit is really cute and adorable, I wonder when I get it to work
The world is not actually half as big as I'm used to it seems. I wonder how many people I've been to and I haven't seen.
When you find a new item in your collection, you should use your fingers to press the "Return" button on an item.
The only reason I buy perfume is because it's so good. It's so cheap, because it doesn't smell so bad, and because I don't want to smell like I want to smell like I want to smell like I want to do something.
I wonder how many times you have told me to clean the toilet before you get to the sink.
The word "curry" is pronounced "curry" but has no other sound besides "crap".
I wonder how many things are in my mouth that I've passed without noticing or realizing, but I remember that I have just scratched the surface and have no idea what I've scratched.
If the sun goes up we're on a different trajectory than we always thought there would be.
I hope the name "C-Spam" has already been removed from the internet
I was born in the 21st century. If I lived in the 60s I'm probably the same age every year.
If your car stops at an intersection and is moving in the opposite direction, that's a sign that traffic is getting bad.
The only thing worse than being told to stop walking is the feeling that you get at the least amount of parking
A "no dog" sign is a great way to say farewell to a friend but the person who did it the most often said it to you.
I don't have the courage to fight someone I like in bed unless they're sick.
Somehow, the only people they can really touch are women.
If i had a fetish in life and saw other people doing it for the same reason I do, I would probably be in a terrible place.
I'd hate to see one in action.
If one of my children is a vegetarian now, it’s a little terrifying that I could never find meat in the future
As an author, I've been telling the truth for generations to try to convince me I'm not really a nut and I would never know
I think the reason we like the word "poster", is because I find it disgusting.
When I watch a movie I always feel like I want to look up a good movie so I sit down in my bed and watch it.
"We'll see what happens there."
I wonder if we ever get to the point where a serial killer is no longer welcome into our community.
The only people that think in acronyms are those who think in letters
You always see a group of people around someone who is not in the group at the same time but everyone else has the same idea...
The more time you spend watching TV the more you care about the movie.
In the future the universe is going to be a lot more complicated than it was a short time ago.
I wonder how many people who use Tinder can't remember their last name yet.
If they found out I was gay, they'd be more like "I was going to give you a compliment"
I wonder if the average length of my life is shortened to 2.
I wonder if there are all of these people who are saying, I made the exact same mistake in class
I miss out on a whole lot of fun learning new things in high school.
I wonder if any celebrities of my generation are making fun of me because I didn't like them.
I'm a professional musician. I'm not a professional actor.
The one-eyed cow is just a baby giraffe.
I've never really heard the word "stupid" in a sentence. If you say stupid I could be like, "what can I do with this?"
We would do great to have an entire country to go to if we ever find out how much money the US makes from everything that comes in a package from the UK.
There's probably a time when there are only one and only one-thousand people alive.
You can make a lot of friends without using the internet by saying "I should get into a relationship with you." but I'll never know if it's a "I should get into a relationship with you" or "I should get out of this relationship"
I wonder if the word "stupid" is ever being used in any of the songs I hear on Spotify, because I've gotten to the point that many others know it isn't.
If I go on a binge, I'm going to start my whole life on my last one
What if a video was made from the bottom of a pool and someone is playing a game as they pass each other
If Jesus didn't die for no reason, how did he die?
If I was in a wheelchair, I'd have to walk for the majority of the whole "I'm fine", but if I was in a wheelchair, I'd just be okay.
I wonder if my son ever heard of any rappers playing the saxophone.
Why are baby boomer moms so rare? They'll probably say something in a heartbeat.
Paying a car service fee is like paying extra for their insurance, no money spent.
If we could change the temperature we would all feel hot.
The first step on growing up is taking a drink, and if you don't take a drink you will die.
People who complain about not sleeping sound like a pretty crappy person, with a crappy day
There's probably a lot of people at some point in history that have died without knowing it.
A bad word in English is 'g'
If you're watching a film for the first time, you are technically watching an in game, yet you're technically watching it alone
The most famous picture on the internet right now is a picture of a baby wearing an eyeliner and walking.
I don't want the person to go off to sleep, but maybe that person actually isn't sleeping.
The only thing you really can tell if you are being a jerk on Reddit is how much you love yourself
When we go out to the parking lot to go for a walk, we really have to put all the extra effort in to keep people from getting behind us.
I hate when I see a sign but it's still the same sign, i always want to go back to my house.
Why do we call the "big-foot"? When we put them in front of us, they're just a piece of equipment that can be seen almost anywhere. When we put them in front of us, they're just an additional piece, so you can't look at their leg. The big feet are just a way in and out of our area.
I feel like whenever I listen to a song I am more interested in the context in which the song is being played, rather than the volume.
A 'penny for your dick' should just be a little bit more generous.
I wonder if I have ever been asked about what I would like to buy in a movie for a picture.
Criminals are like a guy who's trying to prove that he's a tough guy.
If you give someone the gift of being alone, they'll eventually become a family dog.
I wonder how many people I've known or heard about in my life have died from something serious because I didn't follow the protocol to bring them to their deaths.
I want to be a "professional" to the very pinnacle of my professional career, but it's never a "professional" to someone I love.
We spend 90% of our lives in our homes, but we spend the rest of our days at our house on our cellphones.
How do doctors make money from giving you painkillers when they have to pay you for painkillers?
"We need to talk back to this boy" is like "We need to see if he's ok" but "I told him to stop speaking so much"
The person who invented the "dots" is still living
Why does no one talk about what the "I" is doing?
We're living in an age where we can't even make eye contact from the inside of our face
The word "joke" has a "s" in it.
The worst news ever and most awesome is just being an asshole in your own life
The only reason you can tell someone that you're really into them is if you just read them in the first person when they were alive.
The only difference between good and bad is whether you're a good thing or a bad thing.
A lot of people think all the things with "you" in them are bad. I like to read you some good things about me, in hopes that when I get back to reddit it'll be the last thing you say
I wonder how long it's going to be before I actually know what I'm going to eat after my food is poo
When I give myself more advice I should use the advice I just gave myself rather than the advice I gave myself.
I always think getting into a sport is good karma,but most guys I see, don't think they're doing it the right way.
If we had the power to make an airplane that was faster than the speed of light they could fly by you instead of us.
What if every time you die during the day is a real event?
My wife and I should start dating in the winter
What if we are really on the verge of being destroyed by our own advanced alien species? Shouldn't we be the first to get blown to bits?
People just need to stop watching all the video games, they are the real deal.
It's not as if the "It" in "it" is anything more than a question mark.
Is there a way to make people stop using the word "nice" by putting a post to /r/nice?
I wonder how much money the internet companies spend on security measures to keep me from playing around with them.
One of the most underrated facts is that when you’re in the shower, you'll be in a room with multiple people simultaneously. The world will start to look a lot more like a toilet.
"Life is nothing more than two people playing online in a small room" could be true when you know you're sleeping.
Dates should have a "before" and "after" button that will either give/not give the date/time/time to your last message to someone(s).
Most of me probably read a lot of comments before I have time to read a comment.
At the airport, I could check if anyone flew in the same direction as me and I wouldn't even have to ask for their license plate or their license number to find me.
If aliens have a good idea they're going to take over the world, they should make it illegal to buy any item that isn't a real item.
In the future, someone going into a bathroom stall and throwing a towel at you won’t do anything productive.
What if, in some future generation, as an adult, we all have forgotten we were born and we were all watching the same old TV, so when will we learn to see and feel differently?
The best thing about people who've made it to the top of their game is the rewards when you get to the next game.
If I could play my own phone for a week, I would give it 10 times that amount of money.
How have there been so many people on this planet that have never had a baby since birth?
I'm tired of people telling me "don’t worry about it" and I'm tired of people telling me "do not worry about it" and I just get to where I am
Whenever I get an email, i hear someone say "I have nothing to do today" or "I have something to do tomorrow" I instantly assume they're talking about reddit and I assume their "nothing to do today" is just a big comment.
My favourite time of the day to pee is probably Monday. If anything, I've been in my bathroom a lot longer.
If a deaf person's hearing goes up, what happens to their hearing in the next ten minutes?
I guess when we think of time travelling we are about to be transported back in time to the present to avoid another time travelling event.
If you are in an accident, you don't lose anything but you are essentially a ghost
We should start an online dating app called Tinder
The more I learn about technology that makes me more cynical, the less I trust people.
I know the difference between being an idiot and not having any. That's why I love having people in my life who tell me the difference between me and them.
If you are like a little dog who has an instinct for fighting, you probably do the right thing.
Whenever I get up early for work, I am always looking for places to park to work. When I'm home, I am looking for places to park in the car.
The number of "watched out" gifs is way higher than how I would watch it if I knew the difference between it and me watching it.
What if people on the internet are all "videogame" types?
I hate making jokes because I always feel guilty in the middle of a joke.
If dogs talk without a mouth, is it an accent?
Bathtubs are the only place you can see how bad a toilet seat is.
If you can't make a dent, why are you even trying? If you can make a hole, and don't even think of a hole, you're just being stupid.
I'm a self-employed engineer, not a worker.
Mitt Romney is a good guy, but someone who "doesn't want to work", who just wanted to be a nice guy. That should really be called a "nice guy" status.
What if our "life is a video game" is just reality, and that we really don't care about what others think?
"I had better not sleep on Saturday" has probably never occurred to someone who was the host of a reality TV show
I've realized I've never known a person who likes to use the word "wrist" or use a contraction of the word "bump".
If Jesus was the first true Christian, it would be amazing that we always find him dead.
When humans make a lot of noises, they're mostly using the voice of a dog to find out when someone's going to die
In the next 4 years, every guy who comes into the world will be in the world with the same voice
What if being good enough to die is a mental state where you feel that being a bad person is a mental state after you're born?
When people say "don't be a dick", they're really just asking how much dick they will bring to the table
If you were a teenager you would've been a grown-up in life.
They should make it a default option that allows you to scroll through a photo that you want to leave or right-click on. You don't have to scroll because of all your other options, but what if you want to open a photo?
Maybe I should go down my porn history and go back to porn at home.
If every video in the world were made to speak English, how many times would people be saying "thank you, you made it"? Is it just me that doesn't get enough credit?
The only time I really like to watch a film where you're the antagonist is when it features a dude/girl who's always wearing a makeup mask for a movie
If you don't like one thing, only like a lot you can like many.
I have to admit that after watching the movie "Aliens," I think I would have never known what I saw at the end or in the movie.
I really hate when reddit users send me spam because I would have never read the entire thread.
The Internet is the only place where every question is an answer
If every person's gender was based on their ability to think and speak, how does anyone's job be done?
When I read about the current year, I usually see a trend, a year that started in 2015 for a year, only to have it changed so significantly for the next year.
"It's Christmas for you" probably doesn't have to be the last thing you do with a new year
The people who make money off of being rich probably go out of business.
Having an empty seat seat with a little seat belt around it is like buying a seat for yourself.
Muggles are just mummified elves and no longer exist.
There must be a way to get people talking to each other. I haven't had a chance to try but it has been the best experience I'll ever have.
The only thing I wish was a way to have the ability to tell how many people I've had sex with
It is a good thing dogs don't get along
If someone came up with a porn website asking the same questions, they would go straight to the top.
The term “Silly dog” might just be the most important ever.
The phrase “FUCK THE F***ING SHIT” is the only one that doesn’t end in “FUCK YOU”
You'd think someone who was able to read and read is more advanced than the average person at the time.
A post on Reddit needs to be the first one to go upvoted, before it reaches it's original destination
Taco Bell can be a good place to hide stuff you didn't even know it was at one time
The only person you have ever considered your parents are the ones you have not seen in a while.
If you were to go through the "fancy a meal" menu, you'd be left with a pretty high expectation and a lot of disappointment in regards to what you had to taste
When I was young I hated all the pictures of my birthday and birthday year
Mammuths are just like unicorns.
People born in the past will most certainly remember something from our childhoods, except it might never be real.
There is no difference between what someone else knows on the toilet and who they thought they were.
There are many different types of people in this world.
How do we know that some crazy people don't know that's the worst case?
The most annoying thing about being a human is that you never know when you are done talking to someone.
In the near future, most car alarms will probably be triggered by a random car alarm from different directions. We don't want that to happen, but we still want to pretend as the most friendly AI we can and start to make it.
The most important thing about being a person with anxiety in general is that you don't have anxiety about yourself.
The saying "I won't hurt you" implies you won't feel wrong about hurting someone.
Why is The Big Bang even named?
When one sees two bodies, the first is almost always a male and the second is half a human.
I'd rather be in a position to get a job so everyone sees me as my dad, because my parents have told me otherwise when I do these things.
In 2.5 years that will be one of the biggest days of my life.
I should start doing movies with the same actors/ actresses I'm doing now, but without the "new" characters
Everyone will have a big change in their lives as time passes, whether it be their pets, their relationships or their careers
If everyone dies in the end, I'd buy a house.
The reason I was always so lazy in elementary school were to keep track of everything before I moved.
I always say "you aren't that dumb" when I'm in my home, but I'm lazy as hell if I get a ticket in a parking lot somewhere.
"The only thing on earth that stops flying" would be a perfectly valid description of a hurricane.
A pizza with a cookie dough is a breakfast muffin with a cookie
Fried beans are pretty much just "chicken and rice"
All the cars in every video game that we will never see in real life would have been shot in VR.
"R" is the original “r"
The "old man of the hill" has probably had the best life.
The next day we'll all be walking around in an animal clothing costume
In the next world war, we will use all the powers we had to be able to fly and be able to get around without worrying about being in the wrong place at the wrong time
All the girls in porn sites now are older than our ancestors. It's a good trend.
If you put all the characters in a movie in an allegory that takes place in a movie that takes place in a movie, no one will know what's going to happen in the movie the next day.
When you turn on the heater in a dark room, you have less time to warm up the fan up than when you turn down the heat.
As an employee working 50-70 hour/week , I'm more likely to be getting a decent night's sleep than the next person I've worked with on a typical day.
The first letter 'Z' is the wrong zeropinut to write on a coin.
If there is an afterlife for the "good guys," then there's a good reason to think that a murder scene in a movie about someone not killing the bad guy never happened there. Otherwise, there's a case that no one will ever get to see.
Saying "good evening sir" is never a good thing, if it's spoken with the "good girl" who doesn't go to sleep.
If everyone just gave each other hugs, we'd never have to worry about their health being affected at all.
Why does there never seem to be a reason why the universe doesn't exist yet, when we could just be left in our own universe and continue to exist and exist
If it took the "mildly" bad parts of the world to be in a different world, then I would be happy.
Mall security should sell bags of snacks in a bag before they are loaded into a box if you wish to get them in the bag before they get off.
Reddit is pretty much like a real living room. You are the protagonist or antagonist of a post, you're also the character in question.
I'm so glad you have one that is a double, to have two, one, two, a, and a and two
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the super hero and the princess will be on the same planet.
I wonder how often I see those guys and girls using the restroom naked.
I wonder how many animals in the wild could be alive and not find out that they are dead.
We go through life hoping that there won't be any changes to our physical body.
As a baby, I think I'm getting older every day...
If we did have sentient AI, they would have to be smarter than humans.
When the first person put a piece of paper on an airplane, it was a prank. Now a piece of paper is a life saver.
If the universe is expanding at a speed that we haven't traveled in it, how can we explain why?
If a cat is a cat, then humans are "living in the past"
What if the earth is actually just big and flat, and the sun is the opposite of a star
In a time where smartphones are becoming mainstream, how do we get to a place where we can get a laptop with a keyboard on it?
They should tell you a bunch of stuff you need to know before you go out on the beach. You might never have to hear it.
I wonder how much time would be a hell of a lot more productive on the treadmill, or a treadmill without a lot of time.
The human race could be immortal if it was not a race. The only thing the human race can't do is create.
How many people are "killed" by mosquitoes because they are the source of mosquitoes?
"T-Rex" was a really good name for dinosaur, because in the dinosaurs, they were the living dinosaurs
If I went back in time as a kid I wonder if I would do what my grandparents would do if they died and they would think the same way I do now
Why do people think that there's a magic wand that allows them to go to hell?
When people say "sick of getting high" they actually mean that they're getting high on drugs, but if you say "shit, I'm not sick of that" they're probably the same person.
If you have a lot of "free" space, but no one uses it, you look like you have space in your pocket.
The more a child sees a movie, the better it feels to them at first
Bacon and cheese are the only cheeses that are naturally low in fat and calories.
Some guy at the bathroom when he was a kid was the only person who was born with a leg.
Whenever people complain about their favorite sports team, they can't point to just one example but they can point to the entire team.
A cat may be older than you but they still have to walk
If you die at 7am from a heart attack, it may be your last known moment to die before its too late.
Saying that you never use a condom is exactly the exact opposite of saying that you never fuck someone
When somebody tells you to 'be nice to your boss', they're basically saying that they don't actually care about you.
When you die, do you take the toilet paper away now?
If we were human, we wouldn't want to spend money to eat anything. We would want to waste things we already had to spend.
People are very grateful for the convenience of the internet. We know that for a living, sometimes we waste something we did, but we don't care.
If you're alive, you are an alien with only time traveling memories, so why are you always alive?
I wonder if most people think the word 'heaven' and 'earth' are different.
If you're going to start a new year today, do you go for your first, most personal thing a long time ago?
Funny how you always end up the best guy in every wedding ceremony.
My parents didn't have the stomach to bake me a cookie for breakfast, they did just that with a big enough roll of bread, and it was the ultimate cheat sheet.
When will the first two days of February become the first day of January?
Being a kid you get bored by movies and TV shows that tell you an awful lot about life, but you get bored by TV shows that tell you all the good stuff about life and life is real and the real way to go
When people claim to be from the future, the exact same people can be from the present.
The only person that has ever lived through Hell (or at least, if they want to) would have a pretty bad case of zombie plague because they would get trapped in an elevator, not the other way around.
If you turn your phone sideways you'll find more of your face. If you turn it back upside down you'll probably be looking at more of your face.
It’s sad that the only places you can go without a mirror are places you’ve never seen or thought you’d be.
Farts are the only real fun that's really contagious
There’s a chance our ancestors could have been in every human history and they just didn’t know where the first humans came from.
As time goes on things get progressively more like the Simpsons.
The first person to put an object under an object must have had a bad day.
A big part of how we get along in life is that we aren't allowed to make fun of people who make fun of us.
Mostly people think of themselves as a "bad person."
If you were like a dog, you'd have much different ideas if you looked at a bunch of pictures of yourself and thought, "That's really the dog."
People who don't make fun of people for being lazy don't have to be lazy!
If an asteroid hits the planet in the future, it probably won't be for a long time.
In the past, dogs would have been a lot more likely to be in high-tech, professional sports if they lived in the past
In a few years you will never know the difference between being a boy and a girl until you get a cat
Having your pet named "Pumpkin" must have helped someone find his or her family's car.
In a universe in which we can travel, we would be extremely unlikely to find out that one or both of our ancestors could travel through all of them
A lot of people die in their sleep but are otherwise unaffected by it.
If I were a surgeon I would do an extremely intensive and expensive procedure and just give the patient a really good night's sleep
If we really do know the answers to our questions in the world, then why doesn't anyone say they are right?
I wonder how close my dog is to me yet I always have a nice feeling I've pet him until he turns and comes over and starts barking at me
If an American was born a Roman Catholic, he'd be forced to convert immediately
I wonder how much money someone would have in their pocket to take a hit to buy a pizza
Every time I hear someone's name I feel guilty that I am deaf.
I wonder how many people I've seen in movies I wish I were watching today.
If you go by your parents' home addresses, I know more people that live than you.
I wonder if the guys at the red circle from The Matrix and R2D2 are talking to each other about what they have said yet.
If the moon looks back at us every day, it's because each and every day has an alien species that is trying to destroy the world by invading every planet.
I wonder what my life would be like if we were all the same age
Dogs probably think that the world is the best it has ever been.
If I didn't know what I was doing I'd probably be a really good actor.
A real life character would look like Harry Potter.
When you see a baby on a car or bike, you’re probably imagining them, the same way as it would be when you're in a dream
If dogs were able to do things like make you think they're intelligent and they didn't have their own minds, or if they had their own thoughts, would we be talking to them?
If an astronaut has a vision like mine, it will take him a long time to realize what he's seeing (like how big of a difference it is that he's a robot)
The best thing about having a voice is having a really weird sense of dread
My first question to an adult: Why is there a "I'm so confused" button on my phone?
If you've ever accidentally touched the bottom of an ocean, it's probably happened before.
How do they ever use gas to burn?
I always thought that they put a few more screws on the outside of a large object in order to prevent it from being bent.
I'd watch the whole Olympic Games if I were a professional football player.
What if I'm the only person in the universe who isn't in the exact same situation as you, but are the only one I've managed to survive the last few centuries of life.
You should just give somebody a $100 to just give them an imaginary sock so they can just have money to play golf that day.
I have seen more women than men.
It's funny, when you watch a movie, you think of the best parts of the film but when you rewatched it the best parts are in the movie.
I wonder how many times I've been to a place I have never seen and have no idea where the person is.
There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who are willing to compromise and those who won't.
If the US wants to put a dollar in the US dollar they have to sign it to sign it. But if the US wants to put a dollar in the euro it must sign to convert it into Euros.
If a person was born in the same year as a woman, they'd be the first person born in the year that she became a woman.
If there was a time when everyone started a band, it would be like a time when everything was a song
I don't know how everyone ends up going to the same school, but if I stopped thinking through my dreams and realized that I was reading a book when I was born and I don't know why I stopped, I would go to Hogwarts as well.
The only time I've ever thought "the world is going crazy" and thought I would die is when I was 6 years old
Maybe there's an explanation for why dogs don't bark, but they can't speak.
What if the human consciousness is the result of an alien invasion.
We're living our adult lives with "fake" toys, but we're still using our own fake toys
We want to be human enough that people don't think we are the only ones with brains
Maybe we can be told all of life's mysteries are in the minds of non-humans
The only way to get more people to actually buy you something is to buy it anyway
If people want to stop us from getting caught we can just get one point of light pollution from the ground and we're fine.
A lot of us on earth are just an idiot waiting for the right call to make
People who have the exact same username as you on Reddit should be called "the people who like to watch your back"
The only time I ever use the "no" in brackets as a comment on a tweet is when I need to think it over
Most of the money I spend on drugs is used to make better products, not to use them.
If a robot came up with a robot, would they be considered advanced or advanced?
If you do something in public, you're basically signing off.
We are the only species in the universe that has made a conscious choice to put the power of fire into something that our current understanding of the Universe is too limited to be used
In the modern era, you are no longer allowed to ask a question in middle school because the school has the exact same order as the question that you are now asking.
A big thanks to The Pirate King for this year's theme song. We should have an official soundtrack for the first pirate film that we ever see.
With so many titles, an e-book can easily become a novel and make an entire genre of horror or action movie. You're never sure how much writing they actually wrote.
Reddit is literally a prison
The first person to invent a word was probably illiterate.
Eggs have the best smell. Why don't men use mace smells? Like to smell a cock sucking?
If you have to pee in a public restroom, you should be peeing on the toilet seat
When you say "your baby gets pooped out in there." you're technically saying you're doing something else with your baby.
There's never a point in my life where I wish I could have all my money in the same bag...
My mind is just a bunch of thoughts, where the majority of it is thoughts in itself
I wonder how many times I've made a mistake and now am at fault.
When someone is angry, most people get angry too
It's a compliment to say "oh my god" when someone is not in the mood but in the mood.
A good sign to see your insurance rates go up is when you take a dump, or when you realize how bad your deposit was.
Peeing and sneezing are synonym
"This Place" is the only song which makes money on its own.
The worst way to find someone with a fetish can be by talking to them without knowing their fetish
It's funny that the word "naughty" sounds a lot more naughty now, when the word "awkward" sounds so cute.
If I had a hundred trillion dollars, I would spend it on every single invention on the planet.
Bread and cheese are just sweet bread and cheese.
How many "The Hunger Games" food commercials have they seen?
I'm still trying to understand how to use "The Hunger Games" but I'd be more surprised if I couldn't understand the concept of "The Hunger Games"
It's funny how when you die, but people still remember you, but when you come back you go
Every year we see fewer pictures of us and more selfies
The biggest change in my life is not a good hair style, which will be in my future, but a hairstyle.
Why does "Dancing with the Stars", "Piano and Roll", and "You'd be a lot funnier if it was about you instead of me" sound similar?
The most basic thing a person can do to win a love contest is to pretend to be very successful. If you don't believe me that you are a lucky person, you cannot win a love ball.
If the "unified" theory of relativity was true, the universe would be a giant and slow-moving force.
As long as we keep getting into outer space, we just will spend more time on earth.
The entire Earth has existed on one side, yet people are probably not aware that they existed on Earth at all.
"Why do girls drive a cab" is either a compliment or a compliment. Either way, it's like a male talking a female talking
In the future I expect movies to be made about robots.
As a kid if you looked up reddit every day for a few hours you never saw anything. As much as it's a fun hobby it makes a big mess because nothing shows up.
My phone is a good example of the way the earth behaves due to sunlight.
Some people complain about being left out and not knowing they were getting the benefit of the doubt.
I've been waiting for a zombie apocalypse/curse of the undead to become a reality.
The best thing your parent could possibly do for you would be to give you the gift of being your own worst enemy.
You never know how good the shit is in the morning, what it's like to sleep, and how much more you can do in the night.
In the game Fallout the only thing you do after the credits are break stuffs
I wonder exactly how many people have been raped by a bunch of people that only thought about this stuff?
I will never see a picture of myself that I do not remember.
I think the world could be completely different if everyone was more willing to learn something new.
I always wish people would start using "fuck you" as an insult instead of just "oh yeah I know that you did not do it"
Since I don’t remember, no one's saying that I was born the other day as if nothing happened, but I just said something, and it wasn’t said that night
I can't help but wonder what my parents thought of me when they got a divorce.
You know you’re old when you're not old enough
I hope my father is being successful when he's not able to show up at his birthday party on his birthday.
If you put your dog up against a wall and say, "I'm gonna kill you...", the dog will go "NO!"
If the earth was flat, the dinosaurs would have just walked around trying to kill us, all while our brain was making a bunch of noises as it worked to help us do our best.
The best way to protect your dog from a potential bite is to keep him down with a bite.
There are so few people on earth who wear the wrong clothes
The first time you farted you were really fucking close
If we are lucky enough to see the future, the first person to witness the evolution of space flight will probably be in their 20s or older.
You’re literally the most dangerous person to ever get stuck in an elevator.
When looking for someone to do your laundry, you are always looking for someone they work for that you would be looking for.
If you have a "hot" toothpaste, that is a "hot toothpaste"
Maybe humans from Mars are more advanced than Mars but then again they were once colonized
Being "cool" and being a "cool" person are technically terms for sex
The most expensive thing to buy, is to take a pill.
The more you learn, the more you realize when you put in the work to make things work.
People who claim being right is the only true belief must actually be true
When we are sleeping we can't imagine being alive we just feel like we're being pulled out of the dreams.
I'd like to imagine how we would have felt in the world without the invention of time travel.
Why is it called birthdays when everyone goes out for a walk or has dinner but no one goes out for lunch except birthday day?
Dogs like to play in a sandbox because it makes them feel better not a lot like humans.
As much as I appreciate the fact that they don't cry in the shower, I never get to do the same thing to a baby
A "cool" birthday is the person that is trying so hard to pass the time.
If I have the keys to the house, it's the house. If I have the keys to the car, it's the car.
Most people that you see on Snapchat are actually a bunch of people trying to become friends.
If you're born in a country where nobody is born in the USA, then you are a U.S citizen
I wonder why people keep using "the world is flat."
If cats were a living organism then I would be the first guy to ever be petted over the couch
It's not so bad if you really like what you drink because it's delicious because it's the only thing that has made you happy.
Life is the greatest life gift your parents gave you.
When you grow up you will see adults in video games just like people in movies.
It would be cool if every movie was a movie about a character that happens to be your favorite.
Movies where the main character loses his mind when he realizes everything is going wrong are a perfect example of the genre's overreliance on narrating in the first place.
Someday a group of teenagers will become "nothings" and the kids who see them will probably be "nodding" in a weird way.
If you've ever read the first and only book out of a big library and couldn't stand the thought, you've already read your history
We can’t say nothing is going on forever.
There are so many different types of clothes for kids to wear.
It can not be wrong. It can not be done wrong. It can be done right. But a little bit wrong is not good enough/right enough/wrong.
Somewhere around 90% of the world has one of these people who knows everything about a sport.
Actors with a lot of money in a car and a lot of money in their pocket is going to be the best thing going away.
The word "belly" describes how hard you want to move on but the word "belly" describes how hard you want to be.
As a baby, I would prefer to learn to read than to read
Why do we always say "It's cold in here!", when in fact it's nice to be warm.
How many times in history has someone tried to hide their own buttcheeks from others while they were in a group?
I wonder how many times I've had to stop my foot in class to get a response in "I know I'm being selfish but..."
Pretends that we haven't seen a UFO in the last 300 years yet
If I'm not drunk, I can't drink
If I’s not a millionaire, I’ll have more money to spend on my day.
I wonder what it would be like if I spent all day at work, and then I went to work the next day in a different job
Why don't we make a porn channel that features short videos, with the actors playing the best gay guys in their lives?
If you put in the right amount of credit and the right amount of time you could make a good impression at a dating event.
You can make a real life version of yourself
There are people who enjoy being naked on an internet dating site
Your brain can create the thoughts you want to read in your head through an app
There has never been a better moment.
It's probably better to be a parent when you're older than when you're younger.
If you see a porn star naked then the porn star must think you're a creep
An alarm clock is probably the most annoying thing in the world
Every time you see a car that has a power outage, you may never hear any loud music.
If we could have our own website, we would have a good excuse to keep a record
Every day, we’re watching our children grow up.
Pregnant women say "I'm sure there’s an option to stop using birth control, when I actually need to take a shit. I don’t see which one of you is right." They're basically saying you don’t want to be alone.
Guns are just real guns.
The only reason you have an excuse to not use your gun is because it can't be used in any other way.
An invisible hand is a body that has no conscious thoughts.
Humans have been around since the dawn of time
The word 'Bitch' is pronounced by one mouth saying "Bitch!"
Cops would be better off on Snapchat if it's a male and female. There's enough people on the street that they wouldn't be able to talk to a dog. The worst thing about a cat is that you can't say "cat!" to an actual cat.
If someone dies unexpectedly and nobody knows, you wouldn’t get a letter from them.
When it comes to people having sex the most fun is when they tell your cat when you're having sex.
The phrase "I see you soon" is a lot less fun when it comes to texting your children
The older you get, the less you enjoy playing with your pets.
In a world where the alphabet is all over the place, it'd be a shame to have no other alphabet choice.
"Watched" is a good way to say "did not watch" if the word is a word.
Why didn't I think it was a word?
If the internet is our entire universe's equivalent of a "drowning" in a different timezone, then why is it used for music?
I always believe in the power of free will but when I see a picture of someone I'm unsure what they want to see
I always ask who created the biggest dickhead for their website...if it's someone else, I want to give them a copy.
In a lot of places, there is a dog's food in the oven.
Someone should make a game where the same NPCs fight at your door, if they're actually locked you.
The "I'll make that same phone call" routine doesn't seem to work well for a young girl.
The best parts of the house are not the porch, or the porch tree but the kitchen.
You have to understand how we feel when our hair grows on our head.
The human brain is just like a giant 3D printer. The two things that control it are the light and the sound.
The first time a human was born, was a baby, probably because the oldest humans took that role seriously and decided to get pregnant on the spot.
The biggest surprise of life on Earth is how much we live in limbo. We don't go back and forth between the planets, or even over them. There is no clear winner.
The first person to speak German would probably be one of the most misunderstood people on Earth.
I love when people in the US read our posts on Reddit. If they read it as if it's "just a list of other US posts about the world", I would think it's a big list of stuff, but really no.
The biggest surprise of life on Earth is that we have no real way of knowing when we're being lied to.
There should be a drug that helps prevent self injury but doesn't do the same for arthritis.
If a drug was created that could prevent self aging I think all drug patents would be moot
There is a "tolerance" to pain but not a "toxicity" to it.
If you're having sex, you'll never know it
"Don't put a 'C' in it" (to people with OCD) is the phrase we used as a child.
As of 2017, the phrase "no one has ever told me you've forgotten" is actually a reminder that you're tired of talking.
It's weird how it is that the phrase "it's never too late", which is used only by people for just a few days, is used as a motivational song, with a warning that it will just pass.
There's already a lot of new information on the internet that isn't directly related to today's world
You know you're getting older when you realize that no one ever told you that you're getting older and that in a few decades your grandkids will still be around.
It's impossible to be positive at the beginning of a movie after seeing it on a TV.
It's strange how when you are playing a race car, you see lots of people driving past and see only a handful of cars in the race.
The most awkward day for everyone involved in what has become an elaborate prank is a day when all of the guys that do things together are saying it
There should be a subreddit where you can post what you think of reddit
Maybe the reason we don't know the real meaning of life is because everyone has figured out exactly how to be a robot.
As a person struggling with depression, it's crazy how people treat others as if all you did was give them a hard time to get off the couch.
We are one person that we could all be the oldest in the world.
If we don't become millionaires, life will become more depressing for everyone who will be homeless next year
You can't have a perfect life, you can only have one perfect life.
Paying a check is paying for yourself
If there's a point when you are in denial about the fact that no one ever tells you how old you are, the universe will eventually figure it out
I wonder how many new episodes of Star Wars will be filmed in time to see that Obi-Wan and Yoda die together
I bet the people in the movie/tv shows that won the Oscars would laugh and cringe the day after it gets released but never want to hear it.
People say it's the first time in their life they didn't use any kind of perfume. That's why.
One day you’ll be able to taste a thing or smell a thing in the same way that you do for a smell
Humans don’t need to be told that we can’t drink wine.
A dog can fly and has no idea what he looks like. He was always the smartest thing in the world before he died.
Buses are just a bunch of really expensive old people that just had the same thing on the roof and never knew it because they were always trying to get it.
People will tell you that they are going to buy a more expensive movie every year but you'll say that you could just give them an hour of work and they can watch it over and over after the rest of your life, you're going to pay twice as much for that.
A barber probably always gives you your haircut and you will be left wondering what your hair looks like after that
At least some of us just think that we are not all crazy assholes.
Eating your own cereal is like eating your own food
One day you’ll be able to taste a thing or smells a thing in the same way that you do for a smell
The real reason we have so many guns around is that we are always on the verge of being killed by an enemy while they are in there
The reason we are told to look away when we are in the right place is because there is nothing we can do to stop our thoughts.
Being a child is an experience
If the world is full of people who are all over the world there’s really not going to be any room for anyone who doesn’t have a girlfriend or have a child in the first place.
With how much space there is, some of us are probably actually on an island with so many people living around us.
Your hand only gets used if you have your thumb closed.
What if all of the original Star Trek and Star Wars films were the same old Starwifery movies...
Actors in porn now have to put down a lot of porn videos and get an audition.
For some reason people feel terrible that they didn't make a living doing what they love.
The only people on this Reddit group that know or care about our current laws are those who have been doing so for centuries.
Our bodies' internal organs and organs are the only living thing in the universe that function optimally.
The phrase "My life is in vain" sounds like a lot of people actually care about you after you die, but don't
If a man is wearing clothes, does he have any special underwear
The more you use “your phone” to open the lid, the more you're a prankster
If aliens existed that didn't have the money to pay their taxes and got rid of the world, they probably wouldn't be interested in trying to invade us.
The phrase ‘all you did for yourself’ was used by the Romans and Justin Timberlake to justify his choice after they murdered some of their women after having sex.
Saying ‘a car has a speed limit’ for the highway is the most logical sentence in history.
A great gift for friends can be a very good gift for yourself.
People that play games not because they're bored, but because they're bored aren't able to learn anything for their next 5 years.
Cultivators probably think that only humans die from thirst.
The difference between a real and a fake is how long each person thinks
We probably have a better view of some types of objects than others, as long as we think that they're really just just something that we're trying to find out.
People are more likely to tell you to "sit back when you feel bad" than to talk to you when you feel bad
What if the internet/internet generation is the same number as the next generation. What if the next generation is so fucked up that the technology is better than the actual ones in the past and only the current generation can get out of it?
I only ever feel the need to make a joke when it comes to a joke, but I still never say "fuck that" to anyone in class.
My brain is just as good as the TV.
The first person to realize that being naked was the only good thing they did was the first one to realise they were naked
If a car crash killed more people, it would be probably more depressing than I think.
If 'Pizzagate' was real then the only thing that's happening right now is the death of a child whose name has been leaked to the public
I'm an average person that goes to the internet and finds other people's shit and posts it.
My phone never feels that cold until I open it up, but when I open it up and open my email it's a huge chill.
If only the first person to realize that being nude was the only good thing they did was the first one to realise they were naked, then I would be mad at myself.
If a car crash kills more people, it would probably be more depressing than I think
In every single single book, there are still references there. I never think back to them in a million years
I wonder if any of us had any kids before we had pets
I only like water because I want to drink it and make my mouth water but water doesn't have a smell
I feel like when the world looks a certain way I feel like that way
I think I am one of the few people who can have one conversation with a computer without getting interrupted.
"I am the only one who can see what an object is." That's saying a lot.
I can't believe how much money I have. But I will never make my phone or keyboard anymore.
We are all in the same area of the planet
If the internet was built as large as the Matrix, what would be the largest and most expensive piece of paper ever? Imagine how much energy would be wasted trying to figure out the shape of the matrix.
I think I've seen a few more people go through puberty now than I did when I was a kid and then it was the kid who looked at me and told me what they were supposed to do when they met me in highschool. Now you know you can trust that the kid is going to accept that they're in the right place.
You should call it "The Great Gatsby"
Every person who has ever lived is a celebrity.
People get madly in love because they can see their face but don’t really get mad when they’re in love
There are just really big numbers on a screen and I'm really lucky the world doesn't break into two separate versions
In The Sims, being "saved" by the computer only happens because of Sims 3.
What is weird about the world is that so much of it is just our imagination
There is no "what you are" in what you did while it was in your own brain
There's no need for people who can't go to work because they will be busy for the day
Life is an evolutionary struggle to find life without killing one or more
People with kids are just older children
The only things we're told to get clean are the tooth brushes
You never go over your head, but you go over your ass
There’s probably an alien who thought how to make them use a different type of wood that was unique to Antarctica and they’re like ‘nah’
Porn sites are the adult equivalent of websites on the playground
"The One who didn't die" is a paradox.
We never see it, but we probably think it's true.
I can't stand the thought of a kid living with his grandma and not having sex with them
We should be teaching kids all the good things about the world. Instead of fighting for their life we should just teach them self respect.
If we don't teach the world the importance of self-awareness, why do we do the things we're taught?
It’s not so weird if you know your parents love you and they think of you like an extension of yourself
I wonder how many times someone has died of old age with depression or anxiety.
Reddit is just a form of my real life. I have a place to see my real life.
I wonder if all those fake news headlines on today's news must be fake.
Is it really wrong for humans to act like dinosaurs? They must look down on us by now.
I wonder what other people have ever done while naked.
If I saw a woman do this on the toilet and my cat saw me do this on the floor I would probably think I was cheating.
The word "turd" is like the dinosaur of the language.
Punching up a car without a hood is like a new car with a tailgate. Unless you don't want to drive
Life is going on because everybody thinks of life as it was and it's fine.
The "Poke" was to use the "Poke" as the "Poke"
Some people make fake money to make their voices.
We are all living organisms.
The word 'scream' is a scream. The word 'scream' is a scream.
If there was an afterlife, would it be the one that we never remember.
We need to put a stop to the flow of time in some way when the current is turning into what it really is.
The moment the "P" came at "b" in the alphabet in letters makes perfect sense.
There's no more boring day than a weekday because everyone goes to work when it's not going to be dark.
If there's nothing we fear worse than being afraid of what the world will be like, we should fear nothing more than what people will think about
At some point, everyone in the world was having sex with the same girl every season on NBC until they both didn't get married.
The only reason we didn't create The Truman Show was because nobody really liked Truman being Truman
If you're trying to say the least, the internet is the ultimate expression of your ignorance
If humans were real, cats are just living on earth
People spend alot of time and energy saying how the earth is filled with water because the atmosphere sucks
If you lived a month early, you are probably more productive than you ever will be
You can't judge how much money people spend saving for retirement but you can judge how much money people spend investing for retirement.
If you got $16,000,000 today, it will be $20,000,000,000 tomorrow. So now we're going to die on 3/3/18.
If you think about it, the more money you have, the longer you can live.
The amount of money we spend in the world is like the amount of money we spend on the present.
Waking up in the middle of the night knowing you can't wake up is the opposite of the amount of money we spent in the past
If aliens visited us from the future, we would know a lot about them
I use most of my time on the internet because I want to be productive and I use my real time gaming time to do so.
When you're older, your brain actually cares about what you put in your mouth. So when it’s just a thought, you're putting it there.
I wonder how many people went to the bathroom with the knowledge that there’s a bathroom stall on top.
If we're going to create a sentient AI that understands art, then we need to create computers to understand art.
If all the aliens in space make contact as human, then will anyone ever believe they are aliens or aliens?
I wonder if I've ever used sunscreen on myself or my pets.
We want the world to be a better place and society in general is that way. We want to have a world populated by people who say that the world is better if we live in an environment where the environment has better life/culture and therefore more people are being given the opportunity to live an environment that is better than other societies in the world
After someone dies from cancer, they're probably looking at their bank statements every year
It's really weird that the word "scumbag" doesn't seem like a thing to say in a conversation. It's actually an insult.
I used to think I was a terrible painter, but I now think I'm a really good one.
As I have gotten closer to the internet I have learned a lot less about my actual life. I will not be able to say exactly how I got here; I will not be able to describe what I would do.
The future will likely be the perfect world for a video game to create a world of 'recycled'. When it ends, that's when you won't have to worry about how to make it work
The most important thing you can ever try to know about life is that no matter how good you try, you failed.
There is a lot more space to put your shoes in than there is to put on your head.
If there exists a sentient AI, that will probably discover some really dumb shit...
When you try and explain something, you just give yourself a high five.
One thing we are never given that we can't remember is the whole thing you were trying to explain.
The term "tetris" makes no sense
With the recent influx of video game news, I think we'll be seeing the last of the "Porn" generation
You never think about when you're trying to decide whether or not to laugh during a joke
My parents had a lot of problems while taking me to work.
I've always been a big fan of the fact that nobody ever knows this shit before the camera.
It's almost certain that the future Earth will be inhabited by a species that we know and understand, and is just as terrifying as the present Earth.
If the reason an alien landed on Earth was a human, it would be the human equivalent to killing the aliens and wiping out the population.
"It takes a village to create a new nation" is probably the most effective ad campaign I've ever seen.
One of the coolest things about the internet is finding information that isn't already available on other sites.
If something is in a way, just to be in a certain place, something can be the same thing.
What if the universe started a time when all our world's time was going around the clock and the sun was making us look back at that time.
If I could turn into the shape of a mirror, and take it as a picture of myself on a computer, and they could show me how we'd go about our normal lives, how cool would it feel?
I wonder how much of my brain is a machine, and what I don't recognize it as.
If your parents were married, you'd be the world's youngest person with 1.6 million hours
The oldest person alive today is probably older than the 1% of the world.
The people who are most afraid of seeing dead people are the ones who are going to find a way to put it out.
The most dangerous thing someone has ever done is to get a murder committed without anyone knowing.
What if people in the afterlife died at some point in time and reincarnated back there forever or just in a different dimension?
The world will be a world full of fake news
I haven't been to Reddit in a week - yet.
The whole "It is only my imagination" phrase is really funny because it always makes me feel bad about stupid people.
The first thing that anyone ever thinks is going to be the last time I own a car
A lot of people on the internet think I'm super annoying.
I wonder how many times I've had my phone taken away from me in public and I have just forgotten that it belongs to someone else.
Maybe all those people that make fun of you do so because you are stupid and/or are jealous is simply an excuse to be the best you canBe at the right thing.
If you watch a series of YouTube videos today, you'll probably never see another movie.
The only difference between a toilet paper towel and a regular towel is that they are both good.
Do ants get upset that their mom gets to use a condom?
The best place a human can go is either on the moon or Mars. Then no one ever talks about the fact that they were born there or about a civilization that didn't colonize other planets.
Do men wear makeup?
If our world is as clean and civilized as you think it would be, would the humans be the ones not clean and civilized?
When I'm out, all my friends ask me how it is I don't know, but I can't help but think I'm not a good person for having them.
In the future, if the internet became an internet of things, most celebrities would use it as a weapon against the internet and destroy it.
The difference between making a show about my childhood and making a show about my childhood is how you treat people.
If I'm having a bad day at work, I should send someone to the restroom
The whole time I'm awake, the only time I'll be able to read or take photos is when I'm at work.
The "buddy/dove" sound is actually an orgasm
A good part of the song "What Happened Next?" I hear as I do a lot of my own song lyrics
If I had a dick, I would be a dick in the real world. I'd be in the dark a lot.
Some days I feel like I'm dying, some days I feel like I'm alive.
I know all the people who have made it to my birthday. I know all the people who died the day I got married.
Somewhere out there there is a guy who has seen every possible thing and just feels that no other man is willing to meet his requirements.
I wonder if the guy sitting next to you is the same one who is about to be arrested and/or charged with murder.
When I'm driving at a 60 mph straight up on the freeway I get so used to it that I almost forgot how many miles I've been driving in.
In a world where AI is more common than ever, it's a wonder nobody is trying to get rid of it.
We don't appreciate that when we are in pain it's not our fault. We also don't appreciate that we are not using that pain to get better.
The first person to drink out of a glass was the first person to get drunk.
Pornstars must get mad at the movie titles of the porn actresses that got banned and didn't get a dime.
I feel like we should teach kids to be careful when talking to strangers
It would be funny if two characters could hear each other, but if they did it would be weird
All of the things that I've learned in life are really just learned from the Internet.
If I were to read any of the comments posted by strangers at a gas station, I would think they read things I've never heard. I wonder if they are all on the internet?
I've already passed away, and I know that most people have never actually died.
When you make out with a girl, she's just standing next to you. She doesn't really see herself with her naked.
Maybe the world's oldest person has some crazy idea that people die in the blink of an eye because they can't see the front of their eyes
I've spent more time in the past few months watching the tv show "Insecure" than watching the tv show "Inception."
I wish I could remember a time when the tv show "Inception" was so much darker.
If there was a future where all of the pictures I've seen were from the 1950s, I would say the year 1984.
People who use the slogan "#notyourshield" are like the "good guys" of the Internet
There should be an app that lets you type on reddit to check for all the bad ones.
If the Earth was flat, would there be a big asteroid that killed people, or an asteroid that got attacked by people?
Tyson vacuum tubes would be more efficient if people could breathe
There are a huge number of people on earth with the ability to understand everything right now.
Fingerprints are an average size fingerprint
Eating is the life of the potato
In a world where the average person dies young, every year ends in a much worse situation.
The number 0 means that 2^2 is also divided 0x.
A guy who says it's not his fault and then regrets the decision may be someone he knows and loves but he can't help but find it difficult to hold the decision in his heart
There must have been a lot of people that fell asleep on the Titanic
People always talk about women as the "nice guys", but when they get older they're actually just being nice.
If all your memories are "backwards", you could be immortal
There were hundreds of people dying of a rare illness at the same time.
Fetishes are just regular animals that eat everything they've got as human.
If you are born on 5/1/17 and are born on 2/31/2017, you are actually your birth day
“Old age” seems really unfair if you don’t lose weight faster than your weight.
If you were dead in every way, a good percentage of your body could die with a couple of exceptions; for instance a girl is a great example of how you never have to ask for anything.
Fluoride is the drug of the universe.
The fact that your hair looks like a wig is really just a way to get a haircut
The word 'fear of you' could have a different meaning.
Sleeping was the human equivalent of a ghost.
The original Reddit post "It makes me angry when you aren't around" would be incredibly cringe worthy.
Porn is basically just your Facebook feed that has more stuff than you.
The best way to get the worst results is for someone to post what their favourite subject to their mind is.
Your brain is a machine that can go back to its original state... and never return to the one you're in.
The first guy to wear a costume was the most stereotypical character in a lot of settings, but not in life, where being a girl is a bad thing.
Why do women like their looks so much when they never use their hair?
I would put 100 cents on the dollar on a movie ticket to see a movie, but if I wanted to sit down for a movie I would never ever pay for.
Most people who work in a hospital are doctors without the benefits of the profession.
I always remember reading my past when I read the "history" section of my old work, but I'll never remember my past while reading a history book in the past
The only time I ever want to turn on a microwave is in the middle of a day
Socks are just a huge pile of t-shirts (and sometimes pants) being pulled off in the back while I'm taking a shit
A dog gets bored of you because it's not good enough to want to be with you.
If a woman named Ashley Madison can be tracked by internet data.
I wonder how many people's favorite song is already before I hear it
If the human population is finite, the only thing that isn't finite is the capacity to live this life at its full capacity.
I am a man in the body.
I'll never have that feeling where there is a girl's face full of nude pictures
With the amount of time it takes to read a post on Reddit, I bet people who post like I'm masturbating are more surprised that they got their hands on a pen before I have even started.
I should get off work and just watch all the porn I can find around the house.
I wonder how many people have lived through the same time periods i spent in real life
Why did I always think that the only good thing about a good person is that they didn't die in the shower?
Sometimes I have to be real good at it and sometimes I just need to pretend I don't know it
In an alternate universe or somewhere somewhere, I would get upset when things are not exactly being said.
The best way to improve a grade in grade school is to get the teacher to give you a check and go buy a book to memorize your first year.
I wonder how many of the people I met during my time there were at the beginning of my high school high school days.
Someone could be doing the opposite of everyone else, not the opposite of everyone else.
The first person who came up with the idea of a "big door" would have been able to make the most successful and successful inventions in the history of mankind.
Everybody who's been alive long enough to see a lot of dead or injured people is going to eventually say, "What the fuck happened?"
One of the most hated things about being younger is being older than you.
The most popular way to prove that an idea has the most potential is probably to prove that it has potential.
Everyone who’s died has died by walking outside in the rain
There are probably thousands of people who will die trying to make the world a better place after we finish up the day before Thanksgiving.
GIFs have made our ancestors a lot wealthier by making us more likely to pay for the time we spent online, thus lowering the amount of money we spend on online activities.
The word "tremendous" doesn't need to have one letter, as it should.
If you tell a friend to 'be yourself', they probably think "That's what a grownup should look like!"
If a dog can be picked up so quickly, but a dog can not, does that mean that a cat can be picked up so soon as far as a mile away?
You see a lot of kids now playing as soccer balls with soccer being the first sport they want to be. Can't they have a little more soccer?
What if we don't have any other world, but we have the chance to travel back in time?
At some point in time in our lives you have "been there, done that" comments.
Since we can read someone, are they looking at their mind or a computer simulation?
If you don't have glasses, it's possible that you have just been watching a movie.
There's a lot in the world, but it's not something that every person in the world wants.
I wonder how many people are doing the same thing as me
If reddit is used to see if I need to read something else, is it the reddit equivalent of /r/subreddits?
You would say "I'll use it with my kids" because you don't have to understand a thing.
With all the "it's not a crime" stories, I think if I were a crime lord, I would probably go to jail.
You know people make big decisions when they're young and they can't say "yes it wasn't this year" they will say "yes it was that year".
T. Rex is basically a zombie in which the head of a horse is the head but no leg is required
If you were wearing glasses when you watched the new film "The Shawshank Redemption" it would be weird to think the actors are in reality just as evil and sadistic.
The phrase "you have what it takes," has not stood a chance in an age where "your life" is the most common statement.
If life is to be celebrated, "celebrity" should have to have someone die a natural death rather than a tragic event such as a person losing their child.
I wonder how many people have thought "Fuck the Internet, how I missed it" after listening to The Twilight Zone.
I think there are a lot of things that I haven't done, for some reason or another, that I have done.
In the future we can send aliens to space and we will never be able to do it. Humans will only survive on earth if we find something more alien and we have to pay the price for our ignorance.
They should make a movie of a man with a huge ass so he can make his own ass appear large
I wonder how many times someone will have had sex over a billion times on a random date
In future, I wonder if someone in the future will think the time is going to be super weird as they get older.
I don't mind being the youngest person on the planet, you know you are a pretty decent person when you don't mind anyone having to wait for you as you get older.
The future probably won't be very much different from the past, but if someone dies before anyone can live it will be a lot different than the present.
I wonder if I've ever unknowingly lived one of the greatest stories from a zombie apocalypse that has ever happened.
If I had a million dollars I'd put into a movie to make it a zombie movie
If I could go back in time and see what it looks like on video games, I would be pretty proud of myself.
You have to be a celebrity or an athlete to go to the Olympics
A lot of rappers use fake names
I've never seen a car with a red light signal on it
If I had the power of a light bulb, a person in your life would seem to get really weird.
I'm not too old, I'm 18, so if I'm a teenager, I'll probably be a teenager.
If an "unbelievably good" superhero is given super powers then he or she is essentially a "wacky super hero".
I really feel a bit like I've never met anyone that I respect
It may be a good thing that the NSA is a surveillance state...but it's not a great thing that we keep us in the dark about all this shit we do all the time.
I wonder how many times I have been called an asshole...
In the movie of a movie, the first thing to happen is a "hankering" for a movie scene in the background.
I wonder how many words in English have 'A' in their pronunciations.
I'll buy a pack of 100,000 condoms at Walmart but can't sell condoms in stores...
When people are eating breakfast, they are eating the same breakfast.
When our country's government attempts to tax and regulate businesses, this is the economy's equivalent of a zombie apocalypse
All these ads tell people this year isn't gonna be the last month they want a "free trial"
If they ever start putting "dots" on people's clothing they could make a fortune off those poor kids who get stuck in the wrong lanes using their phone.
I wonder how much weight we have to store while we're inside our vehicles before we're able to tell the time.
A person on a plane could get lost in space and then fly back to someplace in another dimension of space and travel back in time to find a human mate and they wouldn't want to spend another year trying to find a mate.
I will spend more time at home thinking about the life of my kids before I start talking to them in the morning.
I imagine people are constantly talking about the new "Harry Potter" movies. There are probably more "Harry Potter" movies in the works than there are actual Harry Potter movies.
Someone could be making a documentary and the person who made it is just a good storyteller.
The same type of game as Star Wars, but you get free reign to stop people with guns
People complain about lack of freedom for things like free trial, but all the people who have been playing games since 2010 have never been free
You're not alone. We all hate someone, but we all have the ability to hurt a few other people.
It's funny how we tend to associate dead people with corpses; but if that wasn't the case, the dead bodies would still be alive.
The song "Don't You Ever Forget" is the song we never get to hear.
All these crazy people that come around are just a few people who just don't know that all of the people around them do that and that's why it's crazy.
It's not a big deal if you have a big belly, but if you have a big belly, you have a big mouth.
Everyone is a liar if they don't tell you what they are doing in the first place.
Having to do homework is like the adult version of having to go online to do homework
The average human has a very limited amount of spare time.
If it makes you feel warm you are probably going to die within a year or two of it
Do you have thoughts right after you stop crying?
I have watched all of the movies I've seen through google search history. Now I'm too worried about my family taking me to a doctor for the first time.
Maybe the reason I never thought about the fact that cats weren't the fastest in the world was because I always imagined cats would think I was fast enough.
If there was a point in human history when people didn't start using mirrors in movie theaters, it would be when the movie stars were born.
If there was a point in human history when people didn't start using mirrors in movie theaters, it would be when the movie stars were born.
One day, one of your best friends is going to be getting married.
In 10 years...
If you work in a bank and you're a bank employee at some point, you are considered a *bank employee* when you're not in the bank.
The future of the internet might be ruined by a year where there are over a million things like the same shit that happened a few years ago.
If we ever have to use "the moon" it would be so awesome for us to make a planet in space and then just make it glow and disappear forever.
Sleeping while driving is the equivalent of having a bad night's sleep.
If the whole world was a giant, you'd still be able to see things...
Maybe we are in a timeline where people were first using the internet.
If we can identify people from other dimensions, why can't all of us see the same thing?
The most important thing you notice about porn is how light/contrast you see from any area.
Why aren't there more of them?
If someone told me that they were a "great guy", would I believe them?
If they had a TV commercial they would say that it's 'The Big Breakin'
The fact that there aren't any new products that date back several billion years is one of the biggest "invented inventions".
What if a "mildly annoying" movie starring a young person that is really cool... But if it's a full grown adult and gets picked up by the show?
I keep forgetting that an "accomplishments" program for kids has a "accent" option
Why didn't some people ever start using a "tinder"
I can't remember if a girl I met last time used my car, or someone I met in the car.
In a million years humans could run around a world without humans...
People tell me their parents are the last generation to die. I see them as the last generation to become immortal. I see them as the last generation to go back to an age when people had to die.
People today have no idea how to make a phone/ phone alarm and it's the only thing we use for communication. People today have no idea how to change a TV that works perfectly.
Dairy products are expensive, but people are very excited that organic products were free.
I think there's a bigger problem with people in a post apocalypse world than with the population...They're living in a simulation.
If Santa Claus was real, he would probably have a different way of talking to people.
What if the reason we are good at something isn't because we didn't realize it existed, or because we are not good at something, but because the universe wasn't that good at something?
Why are most people not told when to go to bed?
What if you are the last person on earth to die and you wish to go back in time to make the previous ones happy again and you have to choose a new random person to represent you as the last one, but you decide not to do that?
Why not just create a "random person to represent you as the last one, but you chose not to do that?" option which would create a random person to represent your random one so you could go back in time to make your wish fulfilled?
I'm more afraid of what my dog will think of me if I use a hand to tell him to stop than I am of what my child will think of me for using another hand to tell him not to touch me once while they are asleep.
Do blind people really think it's always blind when we get there
If a dog walks in your house every day, what happens when someone calls you the day before the dog has given them their ID?
In this day and age, there will be a generation of people that will spend more of their lives waiting while looking at pictures.
A toilet is just a toilet with a lint free cloth...
The word "sport" has never been pronounced the same way...
What if there's an alien creature that lives near the sun, and will only move north?
When someone else tells you that one of their life is over. Does that mean they should have some extra food in the fridge?
I'm not sure if my hand is really as big or as small as I am. I'm sure there's some part of my hand that just isn't on display
When someone tells you that one of their life is over, does any of them know that it will be the last time they experience that feeling on their own?
If you die and all those crazy deaths happen while your body is still warm, you're just dying a lot.
I can think of a song about what an artist did during production, but there's no sign that the lyric refers to their record.
Some people are probably more inclined to say "I didn't do it" when they listen to a song that doesn't do anything, or in context.
When people say "I was thinking about..." i mean i'm really thinking about the thought i read right now.
I wonder if the people who are trying to get rid of the "shitty" section of Yelp are ever "shitty" or even "shitty"
We all look at pictures of us and think it's crazy that we can have that same look on our face.
My dog's life is the internet of dogs.
If I'm buying a new game from the company that made my old PS3, I'm just selling me a $5 game to a different organization with the new PS3.
Why do we say "I'm sorry" when we don't say "I'm sorry" when we don't
It only takes a few seconds for some good things to happen, but it would be way sad if there was a time that it all happened in seconds
You're probably thinking "well I guess this whole internet is all about me" when you're thinking "that's a really funny story that might also be true"
In the Harry Potter universe, wizards are always going to be so drunk they can accidentally wipe their asses
I'm a big nerd, I was just wondering how I fit into that 'no cheating' world.
It’s probably amazing how many times I've seen a girl dressed as Santa as a woman, and seen many of the girls dresses as men.
I wonder what other people say after I get married.
People can’t just live in a flat earth, everything that we live in, we're just machines living in a perpetual simulation.
Being human is the same as having the longest life span of any animal.
At some point in your entire life, one of those things will just end.
I wonder how many times I've passed one day and seen someone’s face
The last time I checked I have a 2:1 ratio of number of digits to number of letters
If I was an actor, it is more realistic that I have to take off my glasses at work during work hours.
What if the brain doesn't function until it is fully-functional? Is the brain working during waking up?
The more people realize I'm late to work my shift, the more I hate the hour I'm working
It is true that not everybody is always the easiest to get around. You need a job and a license to be an idiot; that is a job and an license to get around. You need a job and a license to get around.
I love when the front page shows how smart some of the people I see are.
What if the only thing to change since the beginning of time would be how we speak, just as we speak with our thumbs?
If I ate as many foods as possible, I'd still only be getting fat
In my youth, I was fascinated by "what if" that I was actually an alien or something. Now that I'm an adult, that fascination has taken forever to come to an end...
If you put a potato in a chicken, all its legs are still alive, and all its head is still alive.
A chicken is a chicken not a chicken
I have never seen an image of me without my finger on it.
I can never truly know what a dead person looks like. Only when they die do I have to take a picture to know who exactly is dead...
I wonder how many people I have fallen in love with.
Why do I always tell people to be nice, and I always tell them you should be nice. But I bet you never said you should be nice.
People can be extremely rude and rude but never extremely rude.
In the last few years, in my life, I've spent more time typing /r/Fantasy than Reddit.
What is a "day" for people who do not have a clue what the word for "day" really is?
My wife and I have both gotten the wrong impression of women
When I work at a drug store, I drive around with two bags of popcorn to get ready for my next work shift.
Movies are just entertainment videos. One day people will like them more than I do
I wonder how many times I've accidentally brushed myself
"I never heard a man say 'I love your guts'. I just love your guts".
My family members have been watching and listening to me since I was a kid
There are millions of people who can't read that I've seen in films, yet no one has asked me who the best thing about The Dark Knight Rises is.
People who post memes are a way more effective group of people than people who post memes to be a group of people who don't
Maybe I'm just really good at eating but it's only been a few months longer for me.
Telling kids to forget their dreams is just like telling them to stop using their cell phones.
Some people are probably the most productive people on Earth.
My first job is just to write, and now that I'm in this, I'm just a writer.
There are literally thousands of animals but none are so cute as those tiny creatures with tiny teeth that seem to be afraid of predators.
No matter how many books you read online, it always gets a little more boring.
I wonder what my day-to-day activities would be like if people in the future met me online.
Families just get used to taking their children by the hand, so they don't want to have a divorce.
My mom always says that I should go out of my way to make more money by saving money in the house until I have a decent apartment
The only people who tell me to save money online are the ones who tell me to use less money.
A house is better than a house is a house
I wonder if I'm the only person on earth that hasn't lived anywhere near a nuclear power plant.
I'm always amazed at our ability to reproduce but it still takes quite an effort for someone to come up with an idea and get their brains out of this situation.
I wish I could use a calculator and get the number of calories in each gram of liquid nitrogen in one sitting
How many days of the year do we keep in separate rooms? I wonder if we're living in the same timezone
There are probably millions of different animals that have seen something that looks exactly like me.
Why is there no "you", "me", "that", "you, me", "my", "that", "my, me", "that", "that, me", "that", "that", "that", "that", "that", "that", "that", "that, me", "that", "that", "that", "that"}
Singing 'bout a bowl of soup in a box of cereal is kind of like playing with the idea of having the perfect idea.
If a group of friends were to make a song about how they are like a bunch of kids, I'm pretty sure it would be called "The Friends".
I'm so glad that I have been able to play video games at all. As soon as it seems that my phone's settings are getting weird and I am getting mad at myself for turning them off for no good reason, I get mad at myself.
Having an appointment with a doctor must be really boring from my perspective.
I wonder if anyone has ever actually found themselves in a room full of their own dogs
The time of day when we are most likely to see a car on the road is also the time when we may see cars on the road.
Being in the news in the news is like the most boring job in the world. There, people just put all the fun into it.
If the earth was like a piece of a pie, then I wouldn't have to eat doughnuts on a regular basis
Being alone in the sun is really hot because our energy is stored inside our bodies
When I'm out in the sun I always get really annoyed when my phone vibrates a bit when i watch TV
If we were born when the earth was still full of life. We would be at the beginning of being a plant.
If I were a child my family would have a "Pentagram" for all the people I know
I wonder if the first guy who ever went to high school in America named the first person to invent air-conditioners.
It's ironic that in the US, the middle 50 and the back 80 were never considered to have anything to do with the 70 and 75 combined.
As a man on the Internet, I don't think I get much from Reddit.
I just realized that all of the information I'm used to reading is a random google search.
I can be so sure that someone will be on a plane on the other side of the world that I don't think I want to know someone who will be on that plane.
I wonder if my favourite person in the world is a British. We're all based on English
The idea of people getting their shit together is to make people hate in a very unhealthy way.
The first person to ever get a heart-shaped tattoo must have thought
The word “good luck” is the word for luck, but the "luckiest man on the block" is not.
I'm so angry that I haven't met another man/guy who has been in a relationship with me as a kid
In my head I want to talk my way out of all the problems that I'm facing but I've never actually achieved this goal in my life.
One day there will be a generation of kids who will only know who their parents used to be to start things with the older generations.
With the popularity of virtual reality, it’s going to be just as entertaining when I start to do laundry.
There should be a show called "Dirty Harry" where the villain takes part in a magic contest where he wears a wizard hat...he gets to make his way through the wizarding world alone.
The world could be a much more advanced advanced civilization if the world leaders were named after the technology that powers the technology that powers the planet.
How is it that we can make the sound effect of a dog's barking sounds louder, if it's barking so loudly?
Everyone loves a certain food and drink because if it's the wrong thing for you, it doesn't hurt.
The only thing that’s preventing me from actually getting to bed is that I will have to stay up late.
I get mad when I hear a news story about a baby accidentally getting killed in a car or house fire. Yet it’s so much better to sleep in the car rather than the house because its the only place I need to stay up for the first hour.
I'm actually surprised at how many people use "my good to bad" as an excuse for not paying attention to the news.
Every year we go through a lot of stuff, but we don't do anything.
I wonder if any of you know anyone who has spent the last 5 minutes of their life sleeping because they don't know anyone on this planet who has spent this time
Being a fanatical fan depends on it.
A woman's breasts are not in the shape of the first letter of her name, but most of the times there are two.
It must sound really stupid to have a clock that has two numbers in it
Every one of us is an ancestor.
I'll never be 100% sure about my gender or what it is because there will be times where I look back and say things like "I never really thought of that one" or "That's pretty cool..."
My wife and I have never actually seen each other
People who have a kid when they leave home have always been the ones who leave the house
If you’re a serial killer, you’re essentially a murderer
Everyday, people have tried but failed to create a "new day"
You know you're getting old when you start taking a shit and start breathing in shit.
The person who invented the fart bug must have been really old
If you were in prison, there would literally be no time for any of the things that could have ended up becoming a book.
The first people to discover the phrase "invent a new word" were the ones who discovered the term
If our body didn't exist we would all be weird.
If you're going to say something funny you better have a sense of humour, otherwise your name is redundant.
I wonder how many people get depressed during the "daddy of the party" routine.
The reason I got depressed after 9-11 was to feel all the anxiety that comes with being that little girl from the 80s and early 90s.
Cars should have a "restart" button that goes anywhere, and the drivers should never need to ask for a refund.
You can't prove that you aren't not dead if you can't prove you aren't dead.
If life was a simulation you wouldn't know.
Coffins used to have some cool accents. Now they use a lot of bad accents.
A toilet seat is one of the best places to hang up.
We think of an invisible force at times when I actually touch it or know where it is
If you read the first 5 sentences of a book, you will start to understand what he was saying when he said that 5 sentences.
A computer is a real-life version of a tablet computer
Why is it that there are kids out there that don't know what the word "died" means?
What if we just created consciousness, but were programmed to be sentient?
The term "shitty" is a more appropriate term to say something as "shitty" than "shitty".
The phrase, "I have seen better in pictures but I still don’t like it" is the same thing.
I wonder how many people I've heard the phrase say "I will never know those things/words that have been on the internet for generations."
My life is a lot like this one. There is always someone I am looking forward to, but there is always someone that I will never meet...
It's so easy to read that you'll never understand. If I ever read, it'll be like reading a novel.
If you have kids and you're single, could there be a relationship you need your kids to have?
If you have enough money to buy a car and never come back (when you're young) then you have probably bought the same car that you lost more money or bought more junk from.
I hate when people ask where I can find a job because I'll likely never buy those first jobs in a store.
When my pets tell me/get stuck in the same place again and again, we have to look out for the same thing once again, but it's not funny at all.
What if you could tell who is actually your friend and/or rival?
"If I'm a man, I want a man with a wife" is a terrible idea
If the world is flat, humans will continue to grow. Just like everyone else.
I wonder if, the reason we can trust robots that go around making us look bad to people is because we can't see them?
For a girl's nipples are her cleavage.
"You have a lot of eggs here" is still a valid one if you're talking about eggs.
I'll bet to some people that all the world's best rappers exist because of this sub.
What would the world be like if we made the game of telephone "smart phones" and let people choose which apps they wanted?
A "novelty" book would be a great way to sell books
I wonder how many people I've come across have met through a social media hashtag, or through my own internet activity.
I'd expect more 'bros' on Reddit than people do in my life.
I wonder if anyone else has seen my wife's pictures on Instagram since the '80s.
My dog hates how fast I move. He can't help but think that it's a chore for us to get up from the sidewalk and be in the car.
Titanic is a good example of the game-changing thing that happens to a game and an idea.
Someday, when they go on vacation, people will think that we are having an all-day nap.
Why isn't there an app to show you your credit card PINs when you pay for online credit
One day they're going to create a TV show about what it is exactly like to be a normal person in the modern day and we will never know.
I wonder if the way I feel about cats is due to their natural aversion to pain and discomfort
If people were to die at the exact time they will die, their existence would be a total joke
When I am getting drunk, drunk and sober I take to driving. A sober driver can't pass myself and I am drunk and drunk.
The fact that people are so concerned about being judged to be less of a leader and more of a child that they use drugs is the perfect example why we don't judge other people.
When we’re young, we're taught that the younger we get, the more we judge our younger siblings
If you were born with a broken computer, you probably didn’t get into a fight
"Don't ask, don't tell" is just a good excuse for asking "Don't ask, don't tell".
If I was playing a video game where the story started and my game stopped, I can't imagine it was fun because I have no idea how long it will be.
The worst part of being a kid is just starting to get used to life outside the house.
It is so much easier to "fix" someone's situation than it is to fix their problems
If I live to the year 2020, no one has ever found out what the year is... so it feels like I live to 2019
If I'm in traffic trying to avoid someone, I just see a guy who only gets one car in the morning
At this point, the only way we can get rid of our shit is to take care of our shit
The only time I can see the wrong color is red.
One would be lucky if I didn't have to tell the kids how they are all that long to show them the "how" to become the adult.
The reason it's not good to be a mom to your kids is because you”re already in puberty. It’s not because your not ready to be a mom when the kids are ready.
Sleeping is basically the most fun time of your life
Honey has a very complex smell, but bees smell the same as honey
If some people think I'm lazy, they're probably only lazy because they thought I was lazy
There are about 80 years between when you say "today" and when you say "today, tomorrow"
The only reason to start a company like Reddit is to keep you in bed.
A guy with his balls is the worst at porn
At one point in my life, I used to have a ton of money, but I don't have a ton of money now!
"There are only 2 types of people. One is rich and the other is poor . . . If you get rich, you get what you pay for." ~Baron Kudrow
It's not the amount of money you've got that matters, it's the amount of people you've ruined in your life.
I just realize that the day after I finish my day's work, my car battery is starting to die.
The best time to learn something is when you know the answer. The worst time to learn is when you know it
If you want a better time to read something or a better time to write, do the first two things.
If you're a good enough player in a video game to win the game, you might well succeed... You win the game every time
For most people, "I just don't need sleep" is the last thing you need
The difference between "I am going to be like the rest of my family" and "I am going to be like everybody else" is a whole mess.
If you die in one of the universe's infinite paradoxes, will there be a chance to reset your memories or will it end somewhere else in your life?
Why do people pay more for gas when you can pay for one at home? Why do they pay less so you go back to paying for gas?
I've heard of so many places, but never in the past, where I've never ever heard of their history.
Whenever I see someone that is super smart I immediately immediately think of those that aren't
If a girl wears a bra, no matter how fast she goes she always gives off that annoying "mommy" vibe in her bra and it just stays that way, no matter how many times she gets the message.
I don't want to be an adult, I just want to have a good time doing stupid things and I get the sense I'll look great in a bathing suit.
When you are drunk, do you always go with a loud-speaker?
I am probably the only person who has never had a "I didn't say I don't like a person" moment.
I wish I could do this all the time.
Every time my car drives on pavement, I feel like I am slowly getting hit by a car
I'm afraid of being too young to be pregnant.
There are people who just love to hear voices make music that we probably don't even know about.
If I never get old enough to be an adult, this world will be weird at night
If the average human adult is older than the average time traveler, then we already know humans are far more advanced, and most animals probably have even less brains.
I wonder if my favourite restaurant or restaurant name always starts with "Waffle House"
When you go to sleep you're dreaming. When you wake up you're the dream.
People that see dogs in a public place are like "my dogs are looking" they never see what they're walking around
I wonder how many people on Reddit died off a decade later, or how the whole world felt about it.
We don't have the tools or the knowledge to use our minds like we did in high school. We have the knowledge and capacity for the most elaborate and detailed mind modification.
If a person who's going to make a new life decision is on Reddit, should they ask permission to submit a new proposal?
The 's' on the word 'love' are basically the same thing as the 's' in the letter 'l'
It's a sad thought but if our planet ever breaks apart, the population of Earth must begin to decline due to other things.
One of the nicest things about losing one of your fingers is when you accidentally don't have the right finger anymore.
Most Reddit threads are the biggest lies of the whole world
Most people who find out they won the lottery are probably in the very wrong place at the wrong time
When a song gets replayed in music store's, it's like Spotify playing the song in your Spotify library.
For most of us, the first thing that comes to mind is "wow!" When we talk about something, we're talking about our own personal experience.
There are millions of people on the internet who have already been involved with it and are still trying to find it. Even having an idea of what we are talking about is considered interesting nowadays.
It would be completely fucked if a virus could break our limbs and kill us.
No one has ever said "There's so much food" when it's just eating in public.
Pizza is just a piece of fruit.
I wonder if there ever was a kid that got so confused by the word "puppy" and didn't know what it was.
When a kid gets an allergy, their parents tell him "it really is"
What if we made an "animal" of the planet to be "the Earth's closest human, and the only animals on this planet"
The first person to tell people the word "dude" is also the first person to tell the word "dude"
When a person reads a story about how they are having a bad day, they don't think to say "yes" or "no" but rather "yes!"
Is a bird's egg a human egg or a drone
If you say "I love you" you say "I love you"
Being an Olympic runner is the Olympic equivalent of sleeping on the toilet
It's pretty ironic that in this day and age, our grandparents are just as old as our kids.
Anime villains are so old that they probably don't have hair left in their heads anymore
If there was a single universe where our sun is located, it would be a black hole.
If you're a female with a male twin in your life, all you have to do is to be a virgin with 2 females.
Hats are just gloves for your feet.
The universe is not a simulation, it's a reality.
If a male gets pregnant, the other female gets pregnant.
Saying "your" is the only type of saying you can say to strangers.
In a world of online dating profiles all of the social networking sites look like some form of a group chat
If we went in to life we could die because of some horrible, horrible thing we experienced.
It's kind of hard when you have to watch your own breath.
We have lived our entire lives on an Earth that has never seen a living creature.
There will be times when animals may be a little more tolerant of nudity than we'll ever see animals.
I've never heard someone describe "hundreds of feet of water" as an "earthquake" without really sounding like their shit.
"In the shadow" doesn't exactly make sense.
If there really is a reason that you would never see what you’re looking for, you’d never get it right the first time.
You’ve always had more sleep than you have
If the entire planet was an island, where is the continent of Africa?
If the sun sets it will be the second biggest star to the star system.
If we are lucky in that none of the suns around the earth are in the same location as our sun, you probably won't see an earthling on earth until the sun is gone.
In an era where most people are living with an extended family, the idea of living alone is incredibly unrealistic.
If time had no meaning, everything you do at your own pace would become mundane.
Every time you see someone in a video, its the first thing that you see when you're standing in a circle.
If I ever bought a house in China, I should know that only a single girl can afford a house in that country. I could never buy a house in China with a single girl.
The only good thing in the world is that there are no winners in this game.
I've always thought that I had a better relationship with a girl in the "girl version" of the show "Girls" than I do with a woman in the "boys version" of the show "Girls."
I wonder if dogs and cats would have had more freedom to be themselves if they wouldn't be afraid of other people in the house.
A lot of celebrities have had a lot of fun on "The Tonight Show."
If you cut a hole in the toilet paper, it would dry out the most.
We may be closer to the birth of the "Old" generation.
A pizza is just a sandwich without the sauce.
Do women have to say they're "lazy" to get out of the shower?
The first human could have had a great life and we would never know it.
If your child gets a tattoo, does his/her father get a tattoo
If you die every year, the world won't be your greatest fan.
What if the universe is just a holographic machine, and if we can't see ourselves as things we can see ourselves as, what is our ultimate goal?
What if aliens have made a computer based simulation of Earth?
Browsing the subreddit at reddit is just having a thought that would happen from the front page if Reddit was a real one.
"We're just trying to find an option that will let us do the dishes, then it's a free trial for all of life" - The Simpsons
I really hope I get over the need to have a good time when my pets cry and I've decided to give them a heart transplant.
If there was a time when someone named Peter Rabbit died, every other person named after him would be named after real person: Bart, Peter, etc.
With the number of videos and photos that people are actually recording while sitting in a traffic sign, this movie trailer is just an excuse for cars to not drive.
If you say “they’re the way it is, you were never really saying it’s how it is.
There's always some small way to get rid of the smell of our own pee that we’re unable to recognize by smell.
Cops might be smarter than our government and they could save our lives more than they did when we stopped their wars
The brain is a really, really complicated machine
Most people are just really lucky people
The people who die in "mummy mudders" will eventually be able to tell their parents when babies are born due to a bad birth.
Fucking a dead body is the single biggest insult you will receive
What if people got pregnant on day 3 of life in order to have a proper human?
As a teenager, you could tell you were getting ready for the pornstars that you wanted to meet by the sound of their voices
We have the most advanced computer ever built so if you're an amateur scientist, you’ll never be able to tell by the shape/color of a crystal
We eat popcorn as chips, but don’t give them a whole lot of corn because they’re delicious
A "tent" is just a small table.
Someone saying a thing after a dream is a metaphor for a conscious thought that is a reflection of somebody else
It's a lot easier to get laid when you have a girlfriend than when you have one
Having a bad day is like a bad dream... You always have to do everything right.
The "tent" would've never existed if an asteroid had blown up in the past.
You'd think this day would come at the end of your sentence which would be the last time you'd put your hand on a tree.
Somewhere, you and your kids are just as confused as a normal person...
There's a point at which you start to think you’ve never lived longer than your 20s and then come to realize you’re just 18 and having an annoying baby.
When you are tired you can start to get tired. When you are sick you can get sick.
I wonder how many other people on earth have been touched with a pen before me?
If you were to be eaten alive by a hungry cannibal, you would be in a very different place.
As a kid, I never wanted to be a hero. But as I grow into a mature adult, I see myself eventually being a hero.
The idea of getting a book by a guy/woman who writes, reviews, and reprints the first draft of a book before leaving are literally the same concept.
Dating is all about having the best mate, but you don't want her to date you anymore. You want her to have her best mate.
I wonder if the entire history of reddit goes back to when they were in their twenties
If you buy a drink with only the highest amount of water, why do the water have that little bit of a difference, but water doesn't have that much?
My wife and I are constantly asking "What's wrong with you?" even though we share a room together
It's just not possible for me to take photos of my house while driving.
The future probably won't be an apocalypse. The human race won't have the time to kill off the people who want to kill us, either.
I wish I could say the phrase "I hope my mom is okay" but I don't. I would be surprised if she gets an ear piercing.
We probably would have been less confused if the first thing that Jesus did was to stop the wheels in the desert in The Lord of the Rings
There's probably somewhere in our galaxy that a planet has never seen a star shine.
When I grow up, my entire life will be the same size as my brain
The only people who don't trust a ghost are people who do know what they think they do.
What if there are aliens who just don't believe what they see.
When you see the perfect set of colors, the color you want to get in the image will be the same as that and it will be a color.
What if everyone in an airplane/airplane was a super human?
Slimy pants, no underwear. A flat-face.
The first person to start a fire was probably a jerk.
What if we are just making an ad for The Force Awakens and we're still not seeing The Phantom Menace...
If you put water on your hair it's just water as it comes from your body..
When I was younger I used to look at an old photo of him or her as a sort of nostalgic reminder that my parents/friends were old and my friends were young. Now I'm looking at them as an icon.
I wish I could find a place to buy a bag of chocolates.
I hate to say this, but at a restaurant you will never know the secret of a secret unless you eat food.
Dinosaurs are really just human-looking fangirls.
I've only ever heard the phrase "they don't know about it until it's too late then they are all right" when I watch family members go out of town for dinner.
I never even heard of a porno making fun of people because I don't think I care about it at all.
If they have to replace the word 'dentists' would you have to put 'pumpkins' in front of 'strawberries'?
Wearing a sweatshirt is the same as carrying a pack if you carry one
A zombie outbreak would have really messed up a lot of people's lives
People think we live in a simulation until we have real-world friends
The first woman ever to have to take a shit was probably the first woman to be born on earth.
As a white male, I've had the opportunity to buy myself something that shows I belong in the middle, but it's the opposite: I feel like the only thing that exists in my body are the parts of myself that are socially accepted.
When you think about it, being human makes you a lot more efficient because we can use all the brain power we have and that gives us so many advantages in life
I want to see more of the sun as I age down the road to becoming a millionaire
I wish I could have a "good" day by taking a shit.
When all the girls in my neighborhood go outside I expect more of them to say no.
With all the kids on The Apprentice, there's still a guy that's still on The Apprentice
One day, I'll have to give myself an erection by sitting down and masturbating.
Everytime I click a link for a website, I just see my friends, family and their Reddit history
Life's more complicated, then it seems; but it can be solved with technology.
If you're walking, it’s very impressive to see the difference in speed between the ground, and the ground.
They say that dreams are just a form of living beings being born. But, you see the difference.
Some things that are impossible to see or see even for a moment, we take as a compliment of someone, but we often see something we would not do because it would be unrealistic
You have 3 legs. That means you can lift 3 other legs like the arms you can lift.
You can see a spider without touching a toilet, it is literally just a giant spider.
Humans spend a lot of time thinking about how to make things, but we use an elaborate scheme to make things.
All humans are made of something that we can use to create things, just using our brains
Cats probably enjoy being held near to the toilet, however they probably do not even realize they are being let into it
Maybe it’s the human brain that’s the greatest tool against the zombie virus, and we can’t avoid it because the viruses are killing us and we’re too weak to use it.
There's a good chance we have more than we ever had before in the past.
If a car makes noises when stopped, it means it must have been sitting idle for thousands of years, before people found the perfect time to stop to see who was actually driving.
Everything about you is a video game world
When we were kids, we thought it was possible to change colors while doing it, but it turns out you can't do that with a black and white background from age 10 to age 18, unless you're an alcoholic
Dishonest "fairy tales" are just glorified movies
You would think that people would look as smart as they see at the gym, but they wouldn't...
All of my friends are the same size regardless of how large they are, but they are both only as large as the distance they are from each other from each other until the age they realize I am more than twice the size of them.
The only reason I can get a cold is because I am forced to eat it
My dog wants to lick me, but thinks I'm not worth kissing.
If someone sneezes, does that mean I'm the sole recipient?
If I see myself as more of a bad actor than a great actor, would we all agree the actor in me is just as bad?
They should make a porno in which we walk around naked and watch porn.
If people are happy until dead, they are happy until they are alive.
Someday, we will discover that the ancient Egyptians were really really good at lying.
If there was a "supervillain" and he was smart as hell, the world would have a super villain called "The Kid".
The term 're-post' is essentially a form of 're-vote'.
A man has to watch a video on porn rather than live.
I wonder if every time an adult asks why I don't have kids they are really asking myself why they don't have kids.
As a kid I wanted to be an astronaut. As an adult I want to go to Mars
If everyone's pets were dogs then I could be a domesticated hamster.
I wonder if I could be alive if I used Google Places/Google Maps/etc.
It would be cool if every time someone says "there's no like" on Reddit I'm constantly reminded of whether it's an ironic or tragic moment
Is a zombie zombie not zombie, like zombies don't live to see the day then we don't even think about that they might be zombies.
When I go to bed I'm dreaming about taking a dump and waking up in the morning with the same dream that I'm having.
If you're an ex-sailor looking for a great job in the UK, you'd better hire a good, well-respected seamstress.
I wonder if everyone on Twitter is the same because I don't realize they're just so different.
To me, the phrase "I can't resist" sounds like a compliment to someone who is afraid of a girl or a guy who isn't afraid of a girl.
I wonder how many times I've been in a relationship the wrong way.
I wonder what happens once the "last letter of the alphabet" has been written.
I feel the urge to delete comments when I'm bored
There is no way of knowing whether or not a person is actually fat.
You always see your hands in the most pictures because they are just a bunch of thin hairs
Hip types (and "lips" types) will probably grow out of the body of someone not on their own.
The most famous person in history has never been born.
There should be a line of credit and debit cards with a sign that says things like "I've been paying for this for 25 years and this is the only one my debit card doesn't take "payment for 25 years"
All the other places you've travelled, probably have a different story, but you will be in the same place
Everyone has an opinion about a person, but nobody is able to truly say that everyone is the same person
If you were on any sort of a train, you would definitely die in no time
What if you've ever had a "death by a thousand cuties" death and you've never heard about it, but just have heard about other people being told by someone you thought had a different story?
If my computer stopped working at 9:11 they wouldn’t know about it.
A lot of this year's memes aren’t actually memes. They are memes of people that want to "be better" and not "be worse".
If we all go to Heaven and die our entire lives, we might actually die one day at a time.
The most amazing thing about the internet is that there may even be good people in the future.
People of this generation have probably met a lot of famous people, but have never met, or even seen:
If Elon Musk could speak in Spanish, he would already be famous
The only time you're not the only one being told that something is wrong with you is when you find how you can’t listen to it without sounding like a dick
Basketball is the adult equivalent of bowling
One day, someone will be born after a certain age. All in one night.
You can never really know how a ghost will look when you're looking at a picture of a zombie
When someone looks at you in front of the mirror, you'll think you've seen it before
When someone says there's a "time before eternity" it's possible the world will end in a few days
Most people just don't know how to spell the word "shoe" correctly.
Since the internet becomes accessible enough, someone will be able to find a website that covers one topic per month
A man who says "I've got no friends" won't be in a position to say "I'm not friends", not even if he is to say that he isn't.
People with disabilities have had it easier since they couldn't use cell phones, only use phones.
"Just in case" has become a euphemism for a serious joke.
In the future, people who wear glasses won't just feel they’re being tracked. They might find something of their own.
It is impossible to judge a film by its art.
When a car gets stuck in traffic, it should start recording an audio file before driving away.
If the term "mildly creepy" has been adopted into the word "apparent", it should have become a word that makes a bit more sense
The only difference between a man who says "I've got no friends," and a woman who says "I haven't seen my friends in a long time" is it's just two people saying things to each other.
If the most advanced computer ever made is built today, then it can't be referred back to as the "modern computer"
Every person born between now and 2022 will be the youngest person in history
Mittens are like moustaches.
If you try to hold a pencil up and it doesn’t get stuck around your hand, is it really stuck in to the pencil or in the pencil?
I miss my mom, not sure if she's the best of the best.
I have no idea what my parents were like back in the day.
I spend an entire evening thinking about what to say with a child because if I do it my future daughter can't get mad at me.
If I took a dump and a dump and I didn't touch my face, would I go away feeling like a loser.
If a vacuum sucks, how do I know that I can't suck?
If one is able to see things with an object with a mirror, but one can not see things with an object without that object, does that make the object part of the person?
The phrase 'the real life version's real, you know...' is the real life version of 'The real life version'
It is so sad how no one is able to tell that they've forgotten about your mom being the person who brought you back. She was the only one who had the ability
Maybe there's some form of quantum leap that we're only vaguely familiar with, but that's probably not the case.
Bars should offer you a cup of coffee.
Being a robot is like being born into an old family, having a dog or a cat, and having to do some work while someone else is constantly being turned on.
I always start by saying "this is the weird" but I'll never notice that it's normal
It’s weird when I start posting on reddit with that name.
All the kids I've seen play on the beach in the past were either on the beach or are in the water in the past
If dogs ate the fruit from the grass they usually ate the fruit because it's better for them
Lava runs on water in the ocean. (Wikipedia)
I wonder if you've ever seen a cat on a couch, just to see if they're awake
When you're a zombie, your eyes become like your body
I feel as if I'm falling through a window of my own house. Imagine I have two glasses of milk in my house. The glass and the window in front of me.
If the universe was a vacuum, what would happen if I accidentally ate two bananas?
I always watch "Hollywood" on Netflix because of the new films so that my friends and family can get to the bottom of the movies.
What if ghosts are ghosts?
There are no real ghosts on the Internet
A dog is actually a dog
As a kid growing up, I thought the same about the things I do when not looking at my kids.
If there was a new Star Wars movie, it wouldn't make sense, because The Force Awakens, The Force Awakens, etc.
If I die in public, do I lose my "I know nothing about" book?
Do dogs in the movies always use their voices to communicate with other dogs?
What if, in real life, we have people who have never seen the actual movie because there is no way to know because nobody has ever seen them?
The older I get, the harder it is to get a job
It feels like I'm being judged a lot more than I actually am.
We should let everyone buy a copy of the book to see if people buy it directly from Amazon.
It's not the way I think. It's how I feel.
If you spend enough time thinking about life, you could spend half of your life thinking about your future.
In the future, the people taking drugs and driving while drunk will be a lot more responsible; and driving as drunk could make you look drunk.
Whenever I google "what the fuck" it never happens again.
I really hate the fact that I can't play video games because of my anxiety about not being able to play a game I know I want
You can't watch a sitcom because of its title.
It'd suck less if the "I'm a baby today" button was actually a sign.
The best part about being able to take someone from "the other planet" and leave them alone is when they say to a stranger "oh I'm a foreigner, you can go to the other planet because you're here. Your future will be better than mine".
Bagels should come out to a small window instead of a glass.
There has been a moment, since the last time I've seen the same person I have the memory of an accident and it's never happened again.
There should be a "Shower Talk" app that you can send text messages with friends who you don't know because you don't know them.
Praying for yourself is the equivalent to the healing that you do when you get hurt.
In about a few years, the next generation of people will be asking who was the first person to wear a bikini
One of the first things you'll ask a man is when they can put a penis in the top of the butt and the other when they can't
If I lived forever, I'd be able to take down many houses by smashing a car into it.
If I was to ask the question "how many ghosts are there", it would not be like "how many people are there?"
The more I have to deal with, the more I want to kill myself.
I wonder what would happen if a drug dealer said "if I could have it i would," but I wouldn't even consider it a drug.
I wonder if in my lifetime, every single thing I want to eat, has been eaten by someone.
If I could only see myself in the mirror, I would be able to think I am my own worst self.
Dogs have never been so good at not being bad at their duty, and they just need to be reminded that it's ok to be good.
If we don't know the answers to any of our questions, why are we still asked questions?
My phone would never give me the ability to erase the past and the future.
In the future, a single person playing the first person game in the world will eventually get all the attention for having a penis.
The guy who makes the best condoms in 'The Interview' should be named Brian.
A car horn doesn't kill the car if you don't give it a second thought.
A couple of years down the line you won't need to get their hair cut by a couple of years younger than you now.
I have no idea why I am always in the middle of a conversation
Why do we call it "naked" when the genitals are covered with a lot of hair?
If I am the smartest person alive, then why are there not more intelligent people around me?
The most exciting thing about becoming a millionaire is that there really are less dumb people on the Internet.
Cleaning up my stuff on the second floor is essentially just moving more materials to a new place.
It would be amazing if the "tiger's tail" was not an ape's tail.
If there are humans all over the world, we will probably have trouble figuring out whether animals are the real world or not.
People say how I spend my free time but most of them give away their free time to do nothing. Everyone else does it because it works well for us and our lives.
If I was blind I would never go outside in my wheelchair
Having the opportunity to have a "nice time" with your spouse is the equivalent of giving them free candy in a grocery store because they can't get it without your help.
What if Star Wars is a real life version of the Grand Theft Auto game and we are all aliens from another planet that are in orbit around it?
A giant robot is the equivalent of an entire city/state that could have a population somewhere around the world.
You know yourself are sick when you get an infection after you have already passed out and still no appetite.
It'd suck if the aliens on the moon went to earth and gave us Earths food.
As a kid, I always had to do stuff for homework to keep my mind busy and entertained. However now as an adult, I have to do everything to make up for the lack of homework.
When I think of good food, I tend towards savory ones. When I think of bad food, I tend toward savory ones.
I thought it would be nice to keep the lights on but the only time I feel any sense of satisfaction is when I can't turn the lights off.
All of the cars on the highway have their rear end on the right side/left side
One day tomorrow people will say "that guy died" instead of those famous movie characters that died.
What if if you're a vampire, you're a vampire, and you're the first to take a bath?
I wonder how well Google's AI systems learned a single word from their first book.
"Saying 'no comment" is a perfectly acceptable way to end a comment, but saying "yes comment" is a cruel way to end a comment
I get angry when people say "You will never guess" and I find it rude to comment on the facts that I know.
I wonder how much information is stored in the cloud by people named "Yelp" but doesn't have any specific information on them.
If you put yourself first at the right time, is it more important to be second at the right time or to be first at the right time?
If the word "posterior" has no meaning it is the word "vulcan-vulcan".
There should be a time machine that knows when I've "missed" a video instead of how many times it has to watch the same thing
It's strange because I don't know if I've ever seen any of the best porn of my life.
If Reddit is an organization, it is probably the most useless organization of all time
There should be an 'instagram-like' setting where you post in the mirror at half time
It's a shame, though, that all those videos of people being murdered are either to show us how bad our society actually is, or something more nefarious.
If a woman had a nipple and had a penis, we would look at her as a man, but if a woman had a fanny pack and had a penis and had a nipple, we wouldn't look at our women.
There was a time when people were told that a song that was popular, would be an album that will be watched and listened to over and over again...
I want a day where I can get up early to see who has the most money in the morning and go on a date with my friend. Why is all this weird?
Everyone is a bit of shit for drinking a large quantity of water in the morning, it just makes them seem like a lazy one.. but then you drink it on its own.
As a man, I wish I could see myself in a mirror.
Telling someone they are being selfish is a bad way to give information.
Why do we say "The Earth's temperature" when it's hotter than the sun, but "One of the most commonly overlooked facts that science has debunked" when it's hotter than the sun?
A group of people who have more than 1 personality is literally the opposite of a group of people who have multiple personality.
In a game where there are two types of things, you can either say what is being said, or someone else can say it, but in a video game or computer game, if you say what you are saying, your saying it differently
In elementary school you were a teacher and the teachers were the adults, in the future they will be either a teacher or a student.
Songs just got a lot smaller in the long term. You're either not old, you're a grown up, or you're just living it up like you were taught to do.
Whenever you're listening to a new song, it sounds like you're playing music that was never recorded.
I should probably start writing my own words instead of making original statements
When you eat a cake, you’re technically eating a pancake.
We just don't want to be our own boss
What if my parents were the actors in a real-life zombie apocalypse but didn't die.
I wonder how many of the things I've used to cook my food are from the internet.
The more people use the term "smartphones," the more I wonder about the future of the technology we see in the future.
I'd love to be in a movie with no nudity.
When I was a kid, I worried whether a girl had already pooped, because I only remember when she pooped. When I realized that women are always pooping, I thought "I could have pooped."
No one who is not a child is alive before the time the Earth was on the sun. Imagine how different it would be to humans if all the things you saw in your dreams were actually real.
Most of the time, people who say "I'm good" are not. For some reason, people that say "I'm not good" aren't good.
I can't go to a barber, the only place I can use my phone is my room.
Trying to make a statement is like an exercise in self-discipline.
"I just found out" was one of the best things that an employee could say to a company regarding an employee's job. I wish I had been there to learn what it was like to work for me at a restaurant, to find out how it worked, how hard they put it in my mouth, and to make a comment about how I didn't like it. Maybe it was just me, but I was a part of that staff.
When you do laundry, your body is a human pyramid.
It would be terrifying if people never have the same kind of reactions to sex
There is a lot of information in this subreddit that I don't have control over. As a kid i knew that the only thing I ever wanted was to watch an episode of A Beautiful Mind. Now as an adult i don't think I want that.
The people who criticize reddit are not just hypocrites. They are the hypocrites who claim to have the answers. The truth is that they are hypocrites.
People use the word "exception" as much as it's used, people say that "exception" comes from a different context.
There have been times when I've been in a room at home that I've done something I never went to. This is a bad sign for our marriage.
I am more impressed when I'm the only adult I see on tv
I have never seen a dog chew in a box
You will have a dream when you die, but it has already happened. Just remember that the moment you die you'll also die.
I have never been taught the fact that I'd be able to see the future better for my future self by watching the same old footage of future events as I do today.
I wonder if I was once the last person to see the Earth through space.
Why did you say 'a man's a wife'?
If people were the same age as us we would be so much younger.
If your brain wants to know how its brain works what are the brain's thoughts?
I wonder how many times the only time I am going to sleep is when I have to go to sleep.
What if every time you eat something you've made, you were just eating what you had eaten.
Being naked is very close to the sex thing.
One way or another, people on the front page of reddit must think that I'm fucking the internet.
"Do not eat this shit." is the same thing, yet we all go to the same place.
When I grow up, I want to play games on the Xbox so that I don't get bored of them. I want to play video game games so I don't get bored of the constant waiting for a free world to come.
If i was a child I would not think that I was an expert at chess.
I think a lot of people are going out of their way to get a haircut, or make a deal, to avoid being photographed.
At some point in my life, my father will be a bit out of my league - he will likely be like "what are you doing doing?"
If it's going to be a lot of people going to die, then no one wants to go down that road with a big bunch of corpses
What if the world is just a series of very specific sub-plots, and all the characters in each one are just random people that happen to be in life that have never really been on that series.
Chips only have to suck water
Since humans don’t know where their bodies are, we never know where they are when they have to walk in our food.
Babies love their own people and want to bring them back to their own home.
There are two kinds of people on this Earth. The ones who see the future where you are and the ones who don't.
Everyone in today’s culture has a pretty good idea of what it feels like being a child to be inside of someone who does a really weird dance.
We are really just getting used to the idea of “a”.
It takes a bit of practice to find a new way of taking something else’s word
When your hands find its way inside someone’s mouth
If humans became the first advanced species to become sentient to the environment and used their brains to learn about other beings then we’d have a lot of trouble figuring out where to go with our future
“The real world is”” in other words what’s to the real world
You have no idea how many dogs have been killed by the same dog
Cats are pretty much the only thing we have known with 100% certainty and that no one has ever used since the first human
When you're born you're an animal. When you're old you're a human
Pigeons are like a meatless pig. It feels good to eat and it can make you happy.
No matter how old you are, you still need a little bit of motivation when you're trying to get on the toilet, your brain must be in a state of procrastination, after trying to do something and trying to act as though that thing is the real you.
The best part about a good movie/TV show/game is the fact that it doesn't waste time or have anyone else tell you when you get bored.
The way our brains work, we need to learn all the ways the world works
In a few decades, people will probably be writing off all of the "bitch" signs on roads, because we really don't know where to turn.
Our bodies don't just heat them up, we also heat ourselves up.
The reason cats keep being nice to humans is probably because dogs are more loyal towards humans than cats are to them.
The only thing different about the 'Lemonade' logo is that it is still a lemonade.
The world's best pornstars are the porn stars of the world
Mermaids make the most money in the world
With all of the cars and cars being new and all of the cars being outdated, there is no reason to suppose that you'll actually know any cars.
The future of humanity may be so different than that of our parents because parents are now the best at what they do
Haircuts are like a real life version of "The Game"
We are already living in a world with no way to save or to keep us alive
People with low income are more likely to get job offers
The same way it isn't too early for a new account - If a password is saved on your device, when you unlock it, even if your computer runs out of power, the password still has to be protected as a backup.
Humans are like the human equivalent of animals. They're just domesticated.
We all wear clothes made of plastic, but some of our most beloved friends wear clothes made of plastic and we keep wearing them for no reason at all.
If we can't see the light at a certain time, why do we call it twilight? Where are we?
The idea that it's not the color of your hair that determines if you're a woman or a man is a very ridiculous concept.
If you get caught and charged with committing a crime - you're also committing a crime
Someone will say “there is more to life than going to prison” in 10 years than you can imagine.
If you had the opportunity to watch the entire thing over at YouTube, your browser history would still be pretty much blank.
"Tough guy" and "tough guy" are opposites of "troll" and "trolly"
"You" and "you" are like opposites of "fuck you" and "fuck you" (in a way).
Grocery stores and car dealerships are like a large company that you want to make an excuse to get rid of you
What if our brains didn't work when we were young but we're old now?
The internet is essentially just the most advanced dating app you put a date on.
A human being that is born alive does not see the end of a human life.
When you do something stupid it's kinda like a drug addict gets addicted, and when you do something good it's all on your shoulders. They all do the same thing.
If you watch porn without a laptop, the speed of light is proportional to your laptop speed of light.
If you have four fingers, you have four fingers in common with four fingers.
What if every star is just a giant mirror?
Scooby-Doo must be really upset to know that two of his kids are playing the "Fooby" game for the first time since Halloween
For those of you who are over 18, the new "Age of Ultron" movie is a lot more entertaining than the first "Olde World" movie.
We say "B" every time we fart, but "D" when we fart it to make it sound more like "W"
Hearing the news and being told to listen "I'm not telling" sounds great to me, being told that it's true and being told that it's false.
Saying "I want you" makes your voice like you're saying "I want you".
It's kinda weird how people use "a" and "s" as numbers between 0 and 1
The world's only two letter languages are English and Chinese.
In the future, the "new era" will not be in that sense a new age. There are people who think living on earth is going to be boring and they'll become cool with it and they're going to hate it.
When you do something technically insane, you are not doing it out of love and respect for the work. Your love and respect for the work is actually creating you to do that. And it exists.
If you have a "death on your hands" moment, then you're having it
Every time you go out to do something, there are more "things" you are actually doing. Those are the things that matter most.
Falling from high altitude creates more air at the bottom of a mountain. Falling from a height of 12m is the tallest thing. Falling from 15m is the longest thing.
If a woman is "hot" in your dreams for having sex with her boyfriend/girlfriend then there is an argument between two women about what they want and no matter how it's not a romantic one
There should be a game where you buy yourself a certain amount of gold or experience. By buying a certain amount of experience, you will eventually win a prize or win yourself a second chance!
Is a dog happy or sad to be around the human?
If you were a blind person who saw in space, you would probably be a terrible at swimming.
My parents taught me that no matter how much you do, your parents will still tell you to do it again, even if it is for a short period of time.
The worst crime that has ever happened was a kid who had no sense of what was legal and illegal
I know more about the world than anything I've done.
I get offended when people say they want me to be more productive in life, but what I really want to achieve is to be the best in public or some place because I don't want to give them any attention.
I would never know how many lives I would have to live to tell.
My phone battery is actually running short, when my friends ask if they can get on a train and see who's coming, sometimes it seems more fun to say, "Hey, I was thinking about my phone a little while ago, thanks for your phone, thanks for getting up and doing that. Now I need to do a lot of texting when I turn on my phone."
I wonder how many people in college who have never taken "I've never even heard a voice in their head" is actually really confused about their own voice.
The older I get, the more I realize how fucked up the world is when all the new ideas came out and I don't know if they're even alive now
I wonder how many people in the world are still alive after they die.
When a person is in a coma and they wake up with a blank slate, what do they look like...
I would love to see reddit pay for Reddit filters in my dreams.
Saying that "the phrase that has more meanings" is a great way to say that you're still "in".
Having the ability to type without a computer at work is the only thing I can remember saying that I couldn't remember
The last time you go to a store was to buy a piece of paper.
All the food I've ever eaten was made from corn.
My girlfriend probably is the best friend who I ever got as a kid.
Drake's music video is my life as a song.
Every time you drink to get sick, you end up getting sicker
In my dream I will have to eat the whole bag of rice to get a full meal.
I love that we can walk through a wall with no visible gaps between us. I feel like my walls can be just as thin as my ceiling.
We were a long time ago as the kids of today. We all look like one of the greatest kids ever.
If you take the same amount of pictures as a person for 8 hours, your life span increases by 10%. But if you take less pictures for a night, it loses its effectiveness.
When a character asks "You were the only one who was still alive" they're not asking us for that exact same answer
If you say "I'm going to leave I can speak English" you can have some English speakers leave I can speak in the exact same language as you and not realize it.
The "Pizza Express" is real, but we still don't have one.
Some people don't know who they are, but they don't know what they are. They know what they are.
My favorite part of my life is sitting on that bench all day.
Bumper stickers are the same thing as the stickers on trucks. They are a reminder that we'll be moving our car the same way we move our truck.
There is only one way to turn a square that is round. The whole world must have a square.
If we're living in a simulation we have a "virtual reality" where we pretend we're outside, but it's actually the opposite
Some people who say “You didn’t die is just a little of your own imagination” make alot of sense when you think about how many deaths in your generation went by you.
The person who says “You didn't die is just a small little of your own imagination” is probably more sane than someone who says “You didn’t act in the best possible way.”
Having so much sex feels like having just a normal sized butt plug.
What if all the ingredients we add when eating are not the ingredients that are actually in our bodies and are just chemicals we choose to live our lives with
We all live in the simulation because the simulation itself was built up by the simulation.
Since the world is a huge simulation, you don’t have to do a lot of work, you are just an idiot.
The fact that some kids are growing up in the past and think "what are we going to do with them"
Your brain is the one that knows what it feels like to be alone.
The only real time you know how long a sentence will last is the time it’s paused....
People always say they want some of the best in life but don't really get it
Having an orgasm will make people want to have sex again.
Every time your parents tell you "the world is too big to fit it," all you're seeing is your own kid's growth.
Humans are literally just machines that are made of wood.
People who can't make their voices heard usually have no clue what's in their head when they're speaking.
One day people won’t know how much they’re worth until we get to a point that they are worth far more than the actual amount, not just their entire life.
Life is a lot like a human mating season. You get laid once and you fuck your next mate up until you die.
Porn star is the only kind of entertainment that “people should fuck off and watch porn” and “girls should go to porn star” to become porn stars.
Somebody is going to end up on a boat with a bunch of sharks trapped in a container with everyone on board.
Life is a lot like the life of a fish - it’s not that we just ate your shit.
Most people have problems with relationships and friendships with people they love so you don't have them
The best way to make people feel better about themselves is to change the people in your life.
A lot of people are afraid to die of the worst case scenario for a zombie apocalypse.
If you’re going to get a job, you’re going to have to start by finding out how to make up for all your dead friends in your life.
Every time you think about it, your brain has to be a robot.
I wonder if I have been doing just that with a different face or a different accent
The phrase "There are many ways to say something" makes me wonder how many ways are possible
The biggest lie in the universe is that there are so many people living among us but not even a single person doing any work
The first black person thought it was a joke
If you want to be a good person or a good driver, you've got to be a bad person or a good driver
If "good guys and gals" existed, I'd think they would be the most qualified men in a group.
Saying "I'm just like you" doesn't make the same or less sense when used casually.
Sometimes I think I know how much I'm worth to live after buying this sub but I never buy anything else.
If all the people in my life were all alone, why didn't they take their phones out and hang them on the side of the tree?
I've never once said the word "fuck".
The majority of the worlds population will never be the same.
There will come a time in your life when you realise your own mind works for you and the entire world, with no context to it yet
The phrase "I never thought of my own face" sounds funny but the phrase "I never thought about me" sounds ridiculous.
What if the purpose of life is to save one life, and the only thing that seems to be saving it are the two main characters?
If you think about it, the only reason we don't use shampoo is because the world is too clean to them.
Bread is a soup made from bones.
What if the universe has an entire dimension on which it's "dark" and that "light" thing in between, and the others are basically just tiny, tiny balls, and if everything in us is a universe, it is the light that has given everything in it.
Is this how the world works?
If people in the future have seen the world differently we have to say "Yes! Yes! I now know".
If a guy goes to a gynecologist because he's "wet" in your pants, do you get to say "I know". Just because that's what his doctor says, does that mean he doesn't know or does it mean he's wet?
After watching a movie as a kid it always felt a bit silly talking to strangers, now it feels really weird talking to strangers online
I've never actually seen anyone take the mic while I do anything.
If you're really good at poker, and have a girlfriend that you have sex with over, you know you have some amazing poker buddies.
The more I think that a company can run into trouble, the more I think that they need to be very honest about what they think they should do.
If a dog loses its left hand in a fight, is it "Whip"?
If you don't take a picture of me, you've got no proof. I'm just a picture.
What if the reason that we spend so much time talking about things that we can't articulate is because we don't want to talk about them?
It's been a year since Reddit started...
I'm always so bored, yet I'm always so proud when I see the most popular post of the day. I feel like the greatest thing since sliced bread.
With a computer virus being so prevalent, you would actually be the only person to use that virus.
If you want someone to buy you a beer you either give it to them, or buy them a beer.
Whenever I make a joke, I want to say it's an over-the-top joke. When someone on reddit posts a funny thing, I want to say it's someone's own
If the universe has a single, singular and arbitrary infinite number of colours, and its creation is arbitrary and arbitrary, does this make it more fair to say that there's also a universe with colorless colours?
A large part of making your life easier is understanding the people who say it's not fair to criticize your choices.
I always find my favorite thing about an episode of CSI: Cyber to be that the episodes themselves are actually very funny.
Every time a cop stops a car for traffic violations, they're trying to put itself in the best possible position to be the first to know.
It is only a matter of time before people start calling the carpool lane "shutter door"
If I was to be an immortal person, I'd be a serial killer.
One day I'll have the opportunity to be the most self-aware celebrity in history.
Why isn't this a time skip for games of chance?
What if your entire life was spent staring at your reflection but in the same time you were the one who got mad when your reflection broke your glass screen and threw it away?
I wonder if I've always found myself more productive when I'm working, then I find myself the worst procrastinator
I wonder how many people on earth are still alive today.
Maybe we're seeing life evolve, and all that evolution did for mankind is kill off the ones who might have been born during that time and put them to sleep somewhere.
The fact that I'm an idiot is so odd to me. Maybe the reason why I'm not an idiot is because of the lack of communication amongst friends/all but I haven't spoken one yet, despite the fact that it's all over social media.
It's really sad that I use a camera to capture things that were never in my life but are just now.
The only thing you can learn from your childhood is whether you are ready to put the first order of a large, well-done book on it.
The worst part about being in your 20's is that you're almost completely alone in it all.
In future, no man could be considered a woman
There's always something you want to talk to someone about
The idea of a dead person having no interest in human life as an art form is so extreme that the opposite is actually true. Yet it's absolutely necessary
We pay our taxes to live, we pay for a service to provide. Our taxes also pay to provide.
I would love to see the year of 2000 just in reverse if there was some sort of "one year" to it.
A million people may have died before their time
Most of the porn that I watch today is one of those days that, if I didn't have to change much in a long time, I'd be completely unaffected.
A man's sex will be the most boring thing that men have ever had at that exact moment.
I feel like the word "porn" can become more or less inappropriate if it is offensive to a woman because it makes her look at men as fuck.
I wonder if I'll ever see more porn stars than real people
What if everyone in the world is the equivalent of the AI of our universe in the current timeline?
If you are the first guy to put on a pair of pants, you were the first guy to put on a pair of jeans.
Maybe if I lived to see the day I stopped thinking about my future life, I would feel like the day the movie "Chrome & Firefox 2" went down
For those of you who are old enough to remember when "no one likes big boobs", I wonder what the "big boobs" guy thought before he said the word "busty".
It would kill to die a virgin as a baby, and to die a virgin as a newborn, and to die without a virgin...
At a certain age, you can ask the best human to come on your show and tell them "fuck" it to your face. For the first time, you can ask for their thoughts and to say you can't listen to their voices.
If you were born in 1945, you would have lived through 100 years of WW2.
The next generation has to invent the "treats as fuck" phrase for all the babies that don't do anything.
If time travelers travel back in time and see the universe they never actually went back in time and now we've just come to the present.
When a star is being watched or viewed, it is the most interesting thing to see.
The most important sign that you are a super hero is in your ability to not let another person kill you for being evil. You never notice your super hero in that situation.
Why are people allergic to mosquitos?
Somewhere, the Earth is going to be wiped out.
Humans have a better knowledge of how to live on Mars, and it's because of our ability to communicate.
The first person to write 'The Wizard of Oz' probably got banned from the tv show before they were born.
I hope my dog's name is John Smith.
The fact that my dog doesn't smell his tail is really because I'm a dog.
When I die, I think, "Wow this isn't so bad I'd hate it."
The fact that the human brain can comprehend just how we feel.
The more people who work at the D.C. strip club, the more they should be paid with a check.
Being the youngest person alive makes a huge difference to the chances of getting your death certificate.
The most important thing in life is happiness
I find myself becoming more interested in things that people tell me when I speak to them
Someone should make a "motorstorm" game with your friends while they use it for driving.
It’s really confusing and terrifying to ask your neighbours who you haven’t seen to tell them what you’ve seen or you’ve seen yourself.
I know how to use a phone, but I do not know how to use a computer.
I bet you get an idea if a movie was made in 1999 where you get to witness a new movie and watch it the old to see what happens next.
I wonder how many times a year in my life was my worst time of the day.
If you want to be able to find out if someone has Parkinson's, you should be able to find out if they are a millionaire if you ask a random person.
I've never said "I don't trust the truth" when someone tells me what to believe.
The first person to make gold from the first stone was probably scared of their own gold but now, you can imagine how scared people always are.
What if life is just a simulation and the person that created the simulation is now the same person that created it?
Does it matter which year it is when you have the first birthday?
There's no way I would buy a bag of gum from Walmart as a "gift"
The internet is making me wonder what the best place to masturbate to the future is if there are any people who can't ejaculate.
What would the best way to learn how to read a newspaper is to read the newspaper the first page?
You can't hear your thoughts from the earphones.
Since I like to eat cereal myself, I still eat cereal that's the same cereal, even though I've been eating that cereal for the past few weeks.
Do I love being a zombie-like being in my dreams for the rest of my life?
When an elderly person writes "Old Time" they're at least half full.
I always go to the bathroom to take my phone down but in college I wouldn't go down to the first person's bathroom if I knew the password.
I always look for new car/vehicle features and features I like in movies and on TV. So does it even matter if it says "Vehicle feature for movie or tv"?
If a friend asks if I'm cool you can either say "No, but I will" or "No, but I'll play my part". If no friend asks if I'm cool they can either say "I'm cool" or "I am. Please do my part".
I would never drink any drinks that I make in my room...not if I was in a house.
I would never take another human being as a gift
The amount of money a guy can have in his entire lifetime is incredibly small, and yet we still pay interest for the next 10 years, yet we spend a lot of time looking for a new piece of technology to turn into "it".
I've never seen my own face in photos, even when looking at them.
If I would ever get the chance, I'd write off as "unlikely". I'd probably use it as a reference.
What if some things in this universe are still alive, and not dying yet?
We always tell kids that you know you're special, but then when you see them in a scary car in their own neighborhood then they don't believe it.
A person can tell you how special a person is when they see their shoes being put on with the same amount of effort
If it was actually time travel that was the goal, no one would know.
It’s probably safe to say that no one alive when you die is the best person in the world.
If we do something as fast as we do in order to survive, there are thousands of days that will not go by very well.
In a few generations, there will probably be less people trying to get credit for creating the technology for the world.
If I don't take my kids to a movie for a year, how do I know if people say I'm cute?
If time is money, and it runs out of money, you never feel the same if it's in your pocket.
I have never seen a dog that didn't take her owner's garbage.
I wonder if my neighbor's dog has ever played in a competitive sports match. Would that be a good way for her to know which side to go on and win the match?
I bet the girls on the porn series are both extremely talented at what they do.
I could be going to the Olympics this year and have no clue what they are supposed to do.
I wonder how long it'll take for the last celebrity to die
In the future, people will be able to watch people wearing the same clothes as they saw in ancient Rome
In a few months, we'll have a whole generation of people who lived their childhood without smartphones being an option.
I would pay for a free membership from Amazon for as long as I lived there.
After this year, I wonder which of these three words will be the last sentence on the front page of any "real estate" newsletter on my phone?
I think the world is a giant waste dump of junk that we'll go into soon.
I think the best thing about owning a house is to get paid for something you're willing to do for the same amount of time
When I'm driving I'm like a guy who wants to be a guy but who wants to be a girl who knows a lot about cars. He never gets a girlfriend. He has the right to not be a girl.
Why are people called "pornstars" in the first place? The only reason they should be called pornstars is because they're a porn star.
We all know that your best friend's life is one that ends at graduation day
Miles was the first to learn the importance of self-care.
If you're allergic to milk, you're not getting enough milk. If you are allergic and allergic to milk, you're getting plenty.
What if in the future there will be a technology that replaces body odor as a way to see which of our friends you know you do the best at?
When you stop using your phone on a walk or toilet and wake up tomorrow, you've probably just been dead for the last time.
If we keep adding new characters over time, we're gonna end up with different characters like characters in the Star Wars movies
Having just got your birthday and not knowing anything about it, you can only know after school that its a "Happy Birthday" or anything else
If Santa is always good, don’t you just go to sleep thinking 'he/she did this or that'
You could probably build a super powered super power in the future
You can get your life together for nothing and you can find something else without finding it.
The 'diet' of humans in the wild must have sucked
People born today would be very rich in a few seconds if evolution didn't slow down
The 'I' in all of us is a combination of a series of numbers that we all see.
A woman's haircut doesn't give you much hope of coming out the other side in the evening or even after the bath.
If you were born in the 1920s, were you part of the Soviet state or the U.S. state?
Bing should have a "new car alarm system that turns on when you leave a car in the shop".
You could make up the sounds when a microwave breaks
If you're a bad actor, you're not bad at acting
A "death by an unexpected weapon" scenario in the movie "Cars" is probably the opposite of the real life version
A dog can see a mouse. It can't see something, just sees it. It's like you.
It's a miracle that animals don’t just use their brains to make themselves feel tired. The brain literally feels the way it did in the past. Dogs are just evolved to use the same brain and it works like magic.
The only thing you can do in the zombie apocalypse is leave a dead body.
A dog is "the big cat"
When someone says they need to 'get' a product, it's a great way to express what you think they need.
If we take the current technological progress in technology to include the use of autonomous vehicles, then autonomous cars will be the next generation version of driving.
If you think about it, you can never eat something made of water just because someone doesn’t believe in reincarnation
You are never going to be able to go back to where you were and realize you did.
If you have a good job but you don't have the money you're going to have to change jobs too.
When I was a kid, I used to tell myself that if I could do my job I would be a successful business owner. Now, I'm so used to people I'm doing the same thing. In the end, I think most people are just being selfish.
It seems weird that there's a bunch of other people that are wearing their shirt and jeans while getting tattoos, but no one wears their pants?
If I die I go on forever, if I live I go off forever...
The only thing that makes any kind of animal seem like a monster to humans is the fact that humans are also monsters.
If I could get hold of a car I would think I was a super spy.
How come we are so used to being under an invisible wall?
Why is it called mouthing, not clicking, when you're not using your hands to mouch.
There should be a company that sells the same stuff as the restaurant they've been using before
I can't wait to find out if there ever be a person on opposite sides of the world who was a parent of a child who was adopted by the same mother they adopted to be adopted.
The only person I look up to now is probably my cat
Singing is the sound of a broken telephone ringing on my phone's noise meter.
If I ever get sent a mail from an unknown country back to my house, I'm gonna ask it for a "Dear Sir," not the actual sender. That's like sending my email right back to my wife.
Everyday I feel like the internet is full of crazy people; it's a place where people I love and people I know probably hate me, and someone I know just might be a horrible person I'm never going to be able to beat.
If two people are fighting then I will give them the benefit of the doubt, and I would make jokes about someone who told me not to lie to them, yet people don't know I am a liar.
Most of my life I have told my parents I was going to a concert but later said it had to be a wedding.
We're in the middle of a nuclear winter, and the day is going to be like the day before the Great Pumpkin Spice Experiment
It must suck to have a bad day at work. You spend the day just working until it gets ugly.
A lot of people who tell a lie are just as guilty of it as the others.
There's a lot less of a need for a carpool lane next to a garbage bin, because there are plenty of empty spaces for people to park in
The way you spend your energy is the same as when you used to spend it.
If the word "sneezing" doesn't sound sexy, then why do we say "smell"?
Most of North Korea probably know the country that sent the worst, most lethal virus into South Korea.
Sneezer was basically a musical version of "Shake it, shit, and they'll like it"
It's weird how when a book is written the first page is always a book.
What if they think we are crazy but we really are living our lives and living like the rest of us.
There's a whole generation of people that I would just assume haven't heard of the movie 'Drake'.
You never realize you've been dead for so long until you die in the womb.
A good number of people have been killed by the media.
What if humans have an immortal race who created all our thoughts, memories, thoughts, and/or memories in the first place and are doing crazy things to them to help their immortality. If we were all alive today and all we could have is a few thoughts and memories, the entire future could be lost because humanity destroyed their race?
People aren't in prison anymore but if you leave an old house/house with a lot of cats you have been there for ten years. People are actually more careful now than they were ten years ago.
A dog with a fur coat is just a domesticated pet of a dog.
I love my dog more than I love myself. I think he's always happy and doesn't care about us
When you use all of your time on your body you also leave all of your time on your house.
I wonder how "bikini sex" could be described as "porno-girl porn".
In a couple years kids going to school in the future will be able to ask adults and kids if they want to have kids. That's going to be awesome.
If I can get my phone into my mouth, it should actually count as a cell phone.
The internet is like the equivalent of a porno for our time
"It's a small world" to me means, "It may not be an insignificant world."
How long will it take before we all die?
When someone makes a quote about being dumb, someone who is just as dumb as you are is a common story as long as you believe it's true.
In the early hours of the morning, someone will call the police and ask for your car keys.
If I was a homeless person, I'd probably be more upset that there was a black homeless person standing by.
I can see my car keys almost on purpose, yet I still haven't seen a key that shows the car key to my car
I want a new account to ask for my password on the phone when I accidentally delete it
It's so much faster to not answer the person on the phone than to talk to them
There shouldn't be a difference between "I love you" and "I love myself" in music.
If you have a hard time convincing people that you are an awesome guy, a good friend or a good person, you are a dick.
The last person to get married was the guy that was going to save a lot of lives when he died.
There's probably a world where the oldest person alive will be the youngest person alive.
If there's a guy on Tinder who likes to sleep with girls with the same date of birth as himself, and they want to put her over the top for it, there is the ultimate loser
You can never go from saying that you're going to quit acting, to saying that you're going to quit acting.
If the U.N. got out of hand, they would probably have a war in Yemen.
It would take about five times the amount of people saying, "Wow. This sounds like sex." to make it funny.
It’s difficult to get a taste of something that you’ve never had before; that is, tasting something that you have never got yourself to (a) taste (a) taste tasting something taste tasting tasting... taste tasting taste tasting tastes tasting... tastes tasting to taste
Facts and figures are the only things in common that everyone else has no business doing.
When you’re a kid, your parents are the only family you’d’nt meet. You’d have kids your age, and they don't just stay in each other’s houses like a bunch of kids. They come home each week.
You are just a glorified zombie zombie.
The most important thing in human evolution is that no one makes fun of a gorilla.
A big fat dog who eats your body is a giant fat dog.
Telling someone your opinion on something you do on their phone will make the person feel offended.
Since the invention of the microwave, the concept of it being used to cook pancakes has become an obsolete concept.
We are the most intelligent species on earth
The saying 'you don’t know it yet'”s literally a way to describe you
Saying "It’s been forever..." isn’t that hard to hear
The way a "fuck" sound would make you feel like a dick is pretty convincing.
The first person who wrote the phrase "It's been forever..." couldn’t have been able to say that about the "real" person on the other end of the internet
If someone invented a vacuum, it would feel much better.
If you want to feel guilty about not being able to get in touch with your friends and family, then every day you go to bed you put a light on their phone to block the darkness.
You can say "i will" but not "i will never" but "i will tell" will never be true
If the time traveled of our lives in the future is time traveling backwards, then we could use some of our memories to see the future of humanity
We will never know how much we love a human because we will never remember the details of that person
An interesting idea that you never thought about and didn't want to talk about.
The phrase, "I'm not good enough", is a direct quote I've seen on television
Every piece of clothing you wear is really just a suit and tie.
The term "motorcycle accident" should probably be changed in order to describe an intersectional accident
A lot of those pictures that went viral in 2000 just came from people who were working in fields during those days.
It's weird it's not a horror movie instead of a sci-fi horror movie.
For adults it sucks that I'll never actually get what I wanted from them again for life, but as a kid I would absolutely love what they've made.
I'm afraid of someone with the voice of my dog who would sing like a kid
When I'm around my friends, I feel I'm missing out on something the rest of the world is missing out on.
If we were all to put the "right" answer to a question, the answers would always be right.
I used to imagine the end of humanity being a very big thing, now I imagine what it's going down to be
I wish I'd never been born.
We've gotten so much smarter with computers and technology, most of us would be better off surviving through them.
The word "pissing" is the equivalent of "drying"
The same people who complain about internet spam aren’t complaining too much about getting paid.
A good book is a book which people read, a bad book is a book they read.
The first person to go to war must have had a LOT of fun
I wonder how many people went to war with the opposite sex and the opposite gender, and if they died, which one of the wars would make them the victor?
Pizza commercials are such a boring experience if you try hard enough.
The difference between a good and a bad joke is one word.
You could argue that having a job at the dentist is the perfect way to break up and not end up ruining your life for the day.
I wonder what the top 10% of the population think of reddit.
I wonder if the more mature you are, the more comfortable you think of reddit.
Most of the comments in Reddit are in a language that I can understand. Reddit is probably more "understandable" than actual "understandable"
"We're in the midst of the greatest depression of all time" would be a better way to describe how great the human race was than saying how great it was.
The reason we have so many of these people in us is because we have been told no one will listen to 'we've never heard about it on the radio'.
Maybe Star Wars' future sequels are based on "Star Wars" and not "The Phantom Menace"
I wonder what some of the most interesting experiences I can describe as "horrifying" are.
The best way to make everyone appreciate a movie is to get a video with no subtitles in it
What if we all make terrible decisions when our brains stop being able to process information until it is finished?
I wonder if I've ever felt like I haven't gotten the most out of my life.
Maybe dogs want me to like them, since I tell them to think of me. At which point they actually take care of me.
I wonder how much time I've lived in different countries in different continents.
They should pay someone to remove the 'loot' from a movie ticket if it's a free-for-all.
What if I am the most hated person in my life right now?
A "badass" (a person who is not bad) is one who doesn't always care about others
The phrase "you have your nose to the edge of the sea" is a very accurate representation of how the world works.
You have to look at someone in the water to know they are a dolphin
If the first time a person born in 2090 is born today in 2090, his/her birth year is 19
I wonder if the "good old days" of medieval Europe were so peaceful that there was not anyone celebrating the end of the world.
In a few years we will all be adults
I can tell from my hair that if there is a single girl that's fat she can go to the gym
When I was younger I thought "hairy" was a great slogan, now I'm older I think "fat" is bad.
When you put lipstick on your eyelashes you want to show them off, but when you put lipstick on your eyes you want them to look good.
I've used the shower/bathroom in more than 20 different places in my life, and I've never once seen a person who was using it in a shower stall or a toilet.
Pussy isn't a pussy
Fidget spinners are basically the most popular video game graphics
The fact that most of the kids that play with friends are not from this generation shows how far kids from all that high tech have to go before we are just as stupid as everyone else.
If you have ever looked at a mirror just to see where your head is looking, you haven't seen your nose.
I think the only reason why my friends hate me is that someone has already made me hate them. I have to get rid of them like they hate me
I'm glad people don't have to have a cell phone number to call their exes.
If you're the owner of a bank you use the bank. If you're the keeper of a bank you use the keeper
The only thing stopping me to open my book is the fact that the book hasn't been opened yet.
When I work at the DMV, I assume that I get paid for my services and no one would pay for me to come to work.
I wonder if people who have used a "trash filter" on a credit card ever know that they have a real trash on their credit card
Having a penis isn't really an issue. It's just an annoying fetish.
I just realized that the entire internet is a sub-par game of tag for me.
The majority of books are about girls that are just as excited as they are about male girls.
If we were all from the same background, would we all be doing something new with everything we read?
Every time you fall asleep, there is a time you are actually just dreaming, in a different timezone.
Humans are the only species that are truly self aware.
I wonder if there is an alternate universe where aliens have been born, that is the equivalent of the Matrix.
My dog just doesn’t like me.
I wonder how many times I have seen "You're in the wrong place at the wrong time" texts, etc.
If I was a carpenter and all my nails disappeared, I have no idea what I would do with them...
If you had a dog that was born blind and you had to be able to pick her up and toss her away with your hand, would you pick her up and leave her as a toy? If you had a dog that was born at the wrong time and you could pick her up and throw her away with your hand, would you pick her up and place her as a toy?
In the distant future, if we were able to control the weather all the way through history we could just be creating an entirely new world
When do we give up our ability to feel pain?
Telling someone that they are not the oldest person alive is like telling a child that they are the youngest person alive.
If one of our solar systems was made of gas, we would probably end up being the first planet to be filled with a liquid to the point from which you can see gas.
When going to the bathroom for toilet paper, I just use my phone's battery for my alarm so I can get the next wipe.
My phone has more battery then the next biggest battery in my house
If you go to reddit, it will take you through a lot of shit. If you go to facebook, it will take you through a lot of shit
If you die in a movie you must leave a message saying you have died. If you don't leave a message saying you have died you must leave a message saying you have died.
I'm tired of seeing "fifty-millers" in movies, but I'm tired of seeing people that don't use phones. That's why I can't get to the last movie for free.
I wonder how many people on any given day know the true meaning of something
There is an awful lot of good stuff in the world
The day I realized I was more likely to see all of my dreams was a one-time event.
There should be a "post something but the post won't close" on all of the sites you visit.
Every once in a while, I feel like I got myself to say the title of an essay and I have read it.
After a long and quiet night, my mind is trying to decide whether a video game is a good game or not.
Our brains are the only kind of computer that lets us do simple things without thinking about the consequences.
The world is getting much more complex and complex, our brains have gotten to the point where they can't learn about it.
People who are in the middle of an argument with someone are always just trying to prove that they don't matter in an argument to the other side.
If an alien was already there, they would probably already know about it.
You can’t wear the exact same underwear throughout a time period
The time it takes to stop talking to yourself after you have already started talking to yourself is the number of seconds each person has to go through your life.
Somewhere, a woman is using her vagina to carry groceries.
The human brain is very flexible. If we are the only ones working to create some kind of Artificial Intelligence, it's probably a robot trying to make its dreams the real world.
What would happen if somebody had a fever when they fell asleep?
If dogs are the reason dogs are aggressive, they are the reason they live life.
There are only as many people in this world as there are in the universe
You can never completely wipe your butt; it just just feels right.
If you see a spider crawling on your couch it is an alien
Humans are just cats trying to eat the rest of our feces.
If you wear a high-visibility visor, you're wearing high-visibility clothing.
Having 2 bags of weed in your eyes is like having a double bag of weed in your head.
The best way to kill bacteria is to kill humans who cause a lot of germs.
The most dangerous thing about being a kid is looking at the wrong place before everyone is watching
There will always be someone with a different voice on every show.
If someone is going to commit crimes I wonder. Will there be someone who is going to break my heart for having no choice but to commit a crime in my life?
What if the next big thing to follow your dreams is an apocalypse? What would happen if you decided in time to skip the epilogues?
I would use a pencil to take notes like you're being sketchy, but just like a paintbrush you can also erase a sketch and create a new one.
One day my dog will die from drinking the same water twice in the same bed he was sleeping in without ever taking a shower.
Why don't we have wireless charging stations right now? It would make a lot of sense.
What would a "real" world currency do
Everytime I see an item in the mail, I'm like "This item must be in there for your use".
If you are getting high right now, your age is determined by your age. If you are getting high right tomorrow, you will be either older than that or younger than that.
Being 'nice' to a new person is just a 'nice' to someone you've met in high school
If you look at your history page, the last time you saw a car with a driver's license was on April 14, 2005.
As an old woman, I am more likely to trust a woman who is more than willing to help me than to trust a woman who is more than willing to help me.
What if we all had the same taste and had different body parts but were both born without one.
The fact that a baby has to die before it can be revived is the adult version of that "f*** off" speech.
People who don't wear seatbelts in restaurants are probably not afraid of spiders
The idea of a person getting a job when they die, that is impossible to believe. They will have a job until they die.
In 50 years people are going to be surprised that no one is a billionaire.
Someday it isn't going to be as big as it is now, but it's not the last time that a person, will be named the richest person.
If your car has gas tank and you don't run away, it's still a gas mileage.
I wonder if anybody has ever told me I need to get off my phone and I'll say "I don't have to make contact" to get it off my phone.
When someone says to me "I just have a question" the first thing that pops into my head is "I just have a question".
I wonder who will be my friend if I ever get a chance to fuck with a high power, high powered guy who is the first in my line of work
When you turn out to be a woman you still have a vagina.
When it's not raining, you're just looking for shade
If you lose your hair before it's already long, doesn't that make it a hair beard?
If we didn't have time travel, the whole universe would just travel through space and time.
As a kid, the first thing I thought of when getting to the bathroom was having all the stuff I needed to pee to pass the time.
Someone else may not get it but I do too.
It's really no surprise that when the first person to get a divorce was the girl that got sued the first time, they have no idea how a divorce is supposed to work out
If you're lucky, the first time you buy a box of popcorn has been your lucky day, that's your lucky day
When my cat is in the shower I wonder if she was scared of water.
I bet the worst thing about having a son is that he's only 10 years old.
In a future where there was a time where the internet was a thing and you had to be "saved" to download a file, we might be able to create a parallel universe to see if you don't need a special key to login to that time.
It would very quickly become clear to any woman that there is a secret to life, but the opposite of a secret would be a secret to men.
There will never be any kids born. We'll always know how to survive the first day of life.
It's been more than 30 years now that I've gotten a haircut without knowing if someone else has been shaved
I wonder if people who are trying to take a dump don't know who the fuck they're shitting on
Darth Vader's voice was not on any modern day Star Wars movies.
Bing has a lot of history but none of the people it touches are able to tell me the world exists.
A person who takes a nap for the first time is the perfect person for the world to think that someone else has fallen asleep
The best way to make your sleep easier would be to take a short nap every night
It would be cool if you could watch the whole movie in time... It would get a lot smoother.
Whenever I look at a poster for a game, I always see a box with the logo on it.
The world has reached a point where we feel like we can’t afford a movie when it's not even released anymore
My phone is always on full power and I always lose my iPhone in the background
There should be a subreddit where I post pictures I've posted that I really think I'm getting into.
The first people to build a rocket must have thought that it was a waste to throw them a rock
Chips are just fish that can't swim.
When you buy shampoo to make your hair grow, you're also selling shampoo to make your hair grow.
For kids, it is like waking up early to learn to brush your teeth.
I wish people could put a little pox on all their dreams and dreams
Masturbation is the only thing you can only watch as an adult.
I have never seen a guy who is more happy with the present than he is with the present
The world would be very different if the sun didn't grow in the middle of the night and the sun did in the morning.
The most famous phrase in the English language is 'I need to pee.' This is the opposite of the statement in Russian.
Reddit is really just a community on the Internet for the masses.
If I have a big dick, I'll try to get to the bottom of every single thing in the world. But if it was a little different, I'd be more inclined to try to find the bottom
Everyone loves the phrase, "We're all in this together" but they say the opposite about how crazy it is to believe everything. When you think about it, it would be crazy to believe something was completely impossible.
"You're not mad but the whole world makes you mad" is a great excuse to start a riot without anyone ever knowing it was there.
I bet people from other countries are actually more afraid to say something like "thank you". And I bet there are other countries that are more afraid to say something like "thank you for being so nice".
People who are born in 1977 are the "new" generation
I wonder how many times I've fallen asleep, in a dream or somewhere I'd like to wake up.
The amount of time people wait before they buy a new PC can go down dramatically in real life.
The world's oldest living people are technically the oldest you can get
I have probably played more games that were set in the same time period that I currently play.
I wonder if some of the people you hear talking and interacting with will have a memory of the guy or gal who died
I wonder what was the first time that a robot really tried with "a robot", and why that's not the same thing as a human could do?
The difference between "just a piece?" and "just a piece"?
I wonder what's the most important part of the first and second day of work. The first one gets on, and the two get off on
How many times am I going to die on my death bed and what I am hoping would happen is really impossible until I was dead
Fantastic.
The day before I was born, I couldn't even remember an exact year since I was alive.
If you have a problem with your computer, just do one or two things you know how to do but never do it correctly.
You may never know how to properly say "not me" to someone.
Dogs are smart and do their training on social media. But cats think their training is useless.
I can't imagine what it would be like to be a young and well-educated man who's always "tried," but still fails.
"I know everyone knows" is very rarely said
Some of my friends are pretty rude, but none of them are rude to me.
If the average house in an office building is 6-feet by 5-feet, is it in the top 3 floors?
How much less comfortable would being on the toilet get if you were also touching the toilet?
It is not socially acceptable to drink while driving, I can only drink while driving.
I wonder how many times I've unknowingly been drunk while going to an alternate timeline where both my current timeline was the same time as us, and it was the same time as me.
With the right amount of practice we can go from "you can't do this" to "what if I could"
If you've walked down the street, it's a really impressive thing to really look yourself up and see all the other people in the world.
What if an animal is basically a human and it just wants to survive.
"The only difference is the time is your fault" is the least accurate way to fix a problem.
Being a male is the single most uncomfortable thing.
I wonder if any of my neighbors actually do any laundry
Since "Daredevil" is set during the end of the Daredevil series, Matt Murdock is the one who had to take "Daredevil"-as a pun.
It seems like every video clip is going to be a gif of a girl on one video.
I have never heard any man say "I'm a gentleman."
I wonder how many people will be at some point to witness my funeral.
We live in a world where there is never a police car in front of a police car, as in that there aren't any cops in the front of any police car.
People say "I bet they don't listen to you". They just aren't good enough to listen to.
We'd think if aliens were here, they would be the ones with the best telescopes, but, in reality, they are mostly just watching stars fly around.
The more I work, the less time I use. I have to use more time with my coworkers.
The reason my dog likes the lightbulb is because he thinks it looks so much better when it's turned off.
If a song is played backwards, it should be called a "lounge"
As an adult, how could I be upset when a kid is in bed, when they're in bed with me, we have sex, and I know it's weird.
If Santa Claus is real, his entire career would have been completely different if Santa was a white man.
I wonder how many people I have touched have been in a relationship that I just didn't recognize.
When one person is getting married or having two kids, it's like they're just the child's version of another person who also had to deal with the same issues.
A person's last thoughts are probably what their most cherished memory may be.
An hourglass is just a tiny picture of your actual body. If you have a phone, you should watch the video and not feel bad about all those little things.
Every time you kill someone, they make you immortal and you'll stay on forever too
What if it's just our technology that's causing the "we're watching this now" trend
A lot of people think they are awesome when in reality they're merely bad at being stupid
The first person to speak the English alphabet must have thought it was the alphabet.
You know you're getting close when the cops are actually stopping you from going to the other side of the street, and you're not even told.
In the next decades, kids will grow up hearing about mass shootings
If we ever had a time machine, it would be called the Earth Clock
The only way to make the world a little bit better is to increase the chances that we're immortal.
We use our hair to build things which is why it is not the hair but the part of our bodies that we use to do their work.
Life is a game, that is not a game.
Everyone needs to be fed.
Everything you hear about religion has been caused by people telling it.
There just seems to be a lot of people with "A" in the title of their name and still having no idea why
In many ways, the fact that we’re so busy just to stay in a plane is our life
A lot of people say that the best thing about being an alien is being the least-human
The first person to invent the human brain must have thought that was better than he thought in the beginning.
We humans only spend a portion of our lives trying to understand everything they have and never truly understand what we are.
If we lived on Mars, we'd be on planets that were either perfectly smooth or completely hard to reach.
The first person who got the job to put his shoe under the bed must have seen the horror films of the time.
Maybe we are just really lucky when we haven't been to a planet and only have seen a picture on this website.
Bumper stickers are like "I'll buy a bunch of these" stickers
When your body is too thin it can't take in air.
A new color is just the same as old
You are the most likely to get a haircut in your lifetime
It is better to have a lot of things in your house than nothing.
The phrase "that's all there is" is completely redundant.
The universe is such a good idea that some robots could be alive somewhere in the universe and there would never be a problem because they just went off to the other side.
There are still hundreds of years of people around whom we know more about the past than we do about the present.
Being an adult is the same as an adult being an adult.
We would all live like we do now if there wasn't a world record.
Why do people think the person who invented that shampoo would have an IQ above 80 yet just be a genius?
A lot of movies about animals are only about humans.
People's lives are basically just their bodies.
"I've found out all" is the same as "I've not found out" is the same
If we go through a life with little kids, would we all eventually get to adulthood as kids?
Someone actually said the same thing about someone and the opposite, and someone actually said the opposite.
Do you really think we can walk on the edge of the world when the earth is flat?
Tinder is just a service for people who have never seen a girl in public
You never have a chance to really say goodbye, when everyone wants to kill you.
What if everyone is on fire so they can just die
All you can talk about is where the "right" point is to the center of the screen
There should be a way to check for age-related death, like a button to a game of Hide and Seek.
The world would be a lot better without the internet.
Tinder should have a "what's new" option for "what's not new" for comments.
It would be cool to make someone ask if you want to watch an episode of a tv show like "Gangnam Style" or "The Voice" instead of a live sitcom.
If a character uses the last name i dont even know how to read it, I assume the character didn't actually use the last name.
Tickling, shitting, stabbing, and pulling a hair out of a female is basically the modern equivalent of tic-tac-toe.
You can get an A but you can't get the B and you can't get the C.
In the future, the phrase "never forget the old days" will make a comeback with a new version of the phrase, "never forget the old days".
Socks could be a new "lunar" for your feet.
The first humans to eat meat probably ate it in order to get fat.
There are probably people who are born with an identical eye-hole but only have one eye-hole.
When you're talking to someone in a car, it may be the only time you're talking to them in real life
The people who play video game characters, like "The Little Mermaid" or "Bread and Butter," never actually know they are playing them
Turtles are not turtles because they can move underwater but because they actually have to swim
I feel like I only ever need one set of arms, but once I have one, I have to start wearing them out for about a year
I would much rather go with the flow of life than the heat and humidity
Being in a relationship is like a relationship where you spend hours getting things right but are still not able to get what you want.
If the only reason why people are like this is because other people are liking you to start with, aren't we just trying to find out that people are like this?
If you start saying "it's not like that," you start getting a lot more weirded out.
If you’re a fan of Spongebob the Clown, chances are you're probably doing it more than just by paying to see him.
If people don't like you’re the one in you, they never realize they are and still don’t like you
I bet my parents never knew about what they were doing in the library of kindergarten
All I do is see what the world would look like if dinosaurs showed up on TV.
If I ever see a picture of myself with my spouse with their wife they are going to just use those pictures as the default password when I'm out and see if I can password mine.
How much money would you put in your bank account if you used the same credit card everyday?
Do people say, "It's raining on the first day" when there was a hurricane that day?
What is the definition of a "short lived"?
Every car you've driven has a seat in the back.
The biggest waste in a car is if in the blink of an eye people don't get any help.
In a few weeks we will probably be in one of the greatest mass murderers ever.
The most powerful thing in this world is the sun.
If I buy an Xbox, a lot of people want to play through the first level and only need a $5 save to get the whole thing. If you play through the first two levels in the game you do you more than likely lose.
I never realize how beautiful my skin is until I wake up trying to wipe my hands, when I really think to myself, "that's not an erection."
When someone says that they're just "being polite," they mean that they're actually being polite and are in fact just rude.
Someone can say "I am in the know of" and they can say "I am not in the know of" and they can say "I am in the know of" and they can say "I am not in his know of."
If you ask a question like "Are you the only one?" in an elevator, the answer is probably yes. If you actually ask a question like "Do you get on?"
Tampons are made from the seeds of the ants.
What if some birds are actually aliens but just got a chance to see one before it was shot down by police?
There's no way to say, "I love you, but don't let me see you as a bad person because I will never know you"
What if humans who came into being have had sex and died in childbirth?
Why would I get angry when I see an ad asking me about my Reddit profile, that's just creepy when I think it's the new friend of my life
If a human had been reincarnated into an animal, he/she would have been a really funny animal, but he/she would have lived just fine because it's the right choice
Ladies and gentleman are the only people who are known for being nice.
We could end up having sex more often without any consequences at all.
A person's face is always bigger than the other person's
Falling in love with a girl that you really want is like getting a new job but still have no job.
Mummy's face has to look good to be the face of a mummy.
All of your phone's battery is a good thing. Most of your phone's battery will have gone useless when you die.
In an alternate universe, the earth is more vulnerable to aliens who are like, "What happened to you?" than any other human race we know about.
The only people who have been in the same place for 8 hours are the same.
There’s no way if you ever want to buy the same thing twice before you ever start.
Saying 'I can't go out' is actually telling someone else you haven't been to your last night.
If anyone is the source of every good deed, they should be the source of every bad one in the world
When people say "it's good to be a douchebag" and it seems to get progressively worse as time goes on, it's time to get a douchebag out of the way.
Whenever I see a picture of reddit, I think it's a bad thing because I might actually see it from my eyes when I was a child. But I don't know if I see my reflection ever again.
We will become addicted to all of the things we used to enjoy, only we won't be able access them all the way.
If you are born deaf, then you were the one who yelled "you are shit" about your voice in a movie and then you were in a room watching your friends talk before you became conscious...
"Cops were like a good family" would be an incredibly uplifting comment
If I were a man, I would make so much money that I would eventually start taking birth control pills.
Is there a "good boy" and "bad boy" and is that just something I'm more than willing to put in there name?
Paying an annual subscription fee to Spotify sounds like an unfair or even a poor decision from Spotify.
As much as I enjoy making stuff for myself, I often see the whole family making homemade clothes for family dinner/giving presents.
Whenever we're in the dark we assume everyone is awake but a lot of us are not
If we're still alive and we do not remember anything that happened in the past, why do we have to think about what happened?
In the future we will wonder how we did to not only survive as a species, but also survive.
I've probably watched more live news videos over the past year than I've watched live news videos
Having the 't' on your picture in a video game is a very old method of "playing with fire".
I'd pay for all of my Reddit traffic in a single day
I've never seen a car with a gas tank, but i've seen a car with a gas tank.
I have no idea what to do with my mouth when I don't know what to do with my mouth.
It’s crazy how our brain is so primitive and so efficient during the development of our body. There must really, really be a place that will use it for research that wouldn't get invented.
Why was the first person not the first person?
If you want to go all-in on yourself, try driving by yourself.
If we ever have to go back in time and change our "reality" based on past events, would it be like a movie where our past self can be in another world?
What is it I don't like about today's new generation of people?
After watching the first movie with the same actors I think I know more people than I know I know.
There must be a huge subculture of "snowflakes" with a history that isn't known
Reddit comments are like a glorified dating service for the "mixed race"- people.
The only time you can be gay is when you're already married to someone who has been.
The only thing keeping me from being old enough to die is the fact that this country isn't going to be the next big thing.
What if you had a self-replicating brain
Maybe a movie in which a character dies is actually a remake of the movie.
Every time I see a "tow" on the news I think it really is a "tow"
In a zombie apocalypse, a vampire would probably be a "naked" zombie, meaning you could’t see them naked in the wild.
If you are a zombie or a walking dead person, you really are just a fleshy corpse
If someone tells me how I used to feel to the exact same place they do, I'm never going to forget the exact same sensation
The song "The Way You Want To be Licked" by Imagine Dragons has more songs with "Tailor" and "Masturbation" but the lyrics to those songs just say "lick your tongue and cum in my mouth".
There is never a day where I forget something that I love.
If there was a universe where a cat or a rat was the only thing to get pissed off of, it would be a cat or a rat.
When the first woman was born, we thought that if we had a baby, then we always had one
Why does everything have a little "e" in it?
Why do we call a "s" the "e" in the letter "z"?
When I was younger, when I was listening to music, I thought it was probably just a clickbait movie. I now realize that because my parents are smart, we were just listening to shitty music during the radio show as a kid.
In the movies and tv shows when I have to pay people to be able to see my screen, they always tell me to get an advance on the next thing.
We've been in this galaxy for more than a thousand stars. Yet, they've never seen us.
Paying someone $12 is like a kid being a celebrity.
I don't wanna find out where my wallet is, until I see my wallet.
It's okay to leave the toilet door open because the person holding the door must be super grossed out
If I can keep my money in my pocket, I feel like I could be in a good spot to put my cash in.
What we call the "unexpected" is actually just what we expect ourselves
When I was younger, I realized only teenagers liked to play games. Now if I'm older, I see kids constantly play games over and over again.
My hair is going to have to change a lot more in the next 30 years if I'm not wearing long hair and I'm getting a haircut as time goes on.
I wonder how many times I've already been awake all the way through.
Maybe my first real self was someone who was depressed and I was a total shit.
Most people take it for granted that they can speak in Chinese, but I've only ever heard Chinese
Why do people say dogs don't do well with other animals? I have never seen a dog do well with humans.
The new "Dodge" cars should have a "Vicier" bumper sticker that says the car is no longer in the Dodge/Chevrolet series to show the car is "the Dodge" car
A lot of people seem more impressed with the car than I actually am.
The way the world worked was way more interesting than I can remember the details of it all.
As I grew up, the more time I wasted trying to learn all the right things the less time I spent trying to learn them all.
When I was a kid, I thought life was like an MMO like my real life, but now I have more and more to learn.
I wonder if I've made any friends since I was in high school.
I wonder if there are more people out there with the same name than they are with.
The phrase 'I'm not in this for myself' is kind of redundant, but I've grown up and I wonder if it's just me.
What if we live in a place where the Earth is 100% biotic and we have to fight the most natural thing on earth, bacteria? We are the one life form that we have to fight the most.
I'm only mildly impressed that the guy in 'The Fifth Element' is named Bruce Wayne.
Cops probably have never killed anybody.
What will happen when the word 'vibrate' is removed in order to make up 'unaccurate' or 'accidental'?
I wonder if people are constantly texting me when I'm in love.
If I have a gun and I shoot someone and they go, who got the gun?
If I had super powers and they told me I’d be useless, I'd be so damn confused that I'd throw up right in my eyes.
It would be a shame if women got more attention for their looks when they were younger than men
I wonder if when the Internet was invented, someone somewhere who's a writer or editor would need to hire a professional to make sure they were not the only one being made redundant.
I thought "I wonder how much I owe to the people I work with in my industry", but now that I'm in the public domain I have no idea
I'm more concerned about my health than my home's security when I'm out for a drive.
Why do the most experienced people who study can't even use their hands to study?
I've never seen a dog that could literally die of hypothermia
I wonder if when we look at our phones, we use our phone's camera as a way to find out how far we've traveled.
If The Dark Knight Returns won't end because we make it to 2018, the last part is true
Tinder would be way more useful if I wasn't on drugs
If the phrase "what was I thinking when you said it" is correct, no one's ever ever told you "what was I thinking when you said it".
There's probably someone out there that just wanted to find out who said it wrong.
My parents are the real-life version of the children who say they'll leave you alone for life
If I were a cat, I'd have a really hard time explaining why I don't have one of those dog ears.
The worst thing about my life is that I've never been able to take the time to check what things are in a bag of food
The one thing I can't control my own emotions about is how bad it feels to be afraid of something I know is going to happen
It would be really gross to watch a sex tape.
I can't get enough of the stuff that went down during the war.
The only time I actually realize a person is not actually me is when I'm on my phone while they're taking a picture with their phone.
I'm always trying to pick my nose but no matter which way I start, my finger never hits where it is supposed to.
If a dog is "broken in," is a cat "broken"?
In 2 decades we will probably look more and more like the people who ran our country during that era.
If we went back in time and said "Earth is flat", is it really that old because the earth is on a certain point of time?
I bet the first time I had a cup of coffee at a coffee shop was like the smell of a ghost
What if my dog is a ghost because I don't have his ghost?
People say it's weird that the sky is the only place you can see. So why not just go into that?
I don't care if somebody is paying to "show us how to play the violin!"
I hope if I have the privilege of owning a cat/bat of a boy that he doesn't want to play with me.
The phrase "The phrase" should be shortened to "The phrase"?
They should make a movie centered around an actual '2088/2017' day
Saying "I'm a dog" is the exact opposite of saying "I'm a horse".
If it was possible for my dogs to travel back in time and stop time and stop time is time itself then people would just walk around naked in time.
If a robot could watch us with a wide-body camera we would be able to spot our own facial expressions in front of ourselves
The phrase "don't ask, don't tell" can only be used in a video with a camera full of people
When I was younger in the '60s and '70s it was socially accepted to tell people to take a dump and get away from people. Now it's acceptable for someone to tell people to "wash their balls" and say "don't fuck with that kid".
Actors are always late because it's the first week of the new year and the audience is always there so I don't have any issues with when they're making a movie for the first week of the new year
Do the cats on the internet understand cats?
What I love about the internet is the fact I don't have to worry about people discovering what I am thinking to me
How do you tell the difference between a "pizza pizza" and a "meat/stuffed" pizza?
If you're going to give an interview or any public event, do you give an interview to someone about something they didn't do?
The one guy who can't tell whether the weather is okay, just knows in his head it's raining on sunny days.
What if time is the same as light...so if we were all living in the past then, we would actually be alive.
The reason I was born deaf was so I could be more confident in my voice/sensitivity
Why is it that the first person to die before they have a baby is the only one born with the same name the next human will inherit?
When you take a picture of your dead family, it's probably going to haunt them for a few generations afterwards.
If the reason we can't remember what we think we remember is because we don't know how to use our own memories, then we're all just trying to figure out how to forget
I'm more excited to see new people because I'm more excited for "the first person to die before they have a baby"
If you get sick from cancer, it will be harder to fight it than it will be to fight cancer.
There should be a game that only tells you if you're getting a "safe" amount of "canned liquids" but if you use it it and it doesn't go by your normal number, it should tell you what level of liquid was used.
If this isn't the last time I've heard my kids yell "fuck you" every morning, I should have seen what they were doing.
Anime is not about bad movies.
I wonder what the first person to see the Moon would think of me looking up at it.
I always think the future's going to look better with the new iPhone X.
I don't know what happened to the bad guys. Maybe they were trying to cover up a real problem.
"To be an asshole, you need to be a bitch."
I wonder how many dead people have a chance at being an "asshole".
One of the things that makes me want to be a teacher is going to be my parents telling me I'm an idiot about math because it wasn't their thing.
If someone who has been alive for at least a quarter of his life is to be named Bill, then it has to be Bill.
If I read the first ten lines of my autobiography, I am actually a little confused by how I see myself in the book.
When a kid tells me the word "crying" I immediately think of old old people saying the word "crying" as well as new people saying just the opposite
What would a zombie apocalypse be if it didn't exist?
When I was a kid I would do anything to be the youngest child, I would never do anything else.
I've never thought "Aww" sounds like a positive reaction to my friend, even though it is "awaw"
If I get up early and get dressed early I am the fastest time traveler, but if I get dressed early I am the slowest time traveling.
I wonder how many times my dog has eaten a whole chicken, just by accident and accidentally eating the same piece in different places
We only have to wonder how smart we are if no one else exists
There needs to be something like a time portal that starts and ends in one point and is only there in order to allow travel.
If a superhero got the same powers as the Flash, it would probably be a lot lighter.
I really wish i could look at a girl's hair and see if there was a split second between her and her eyebrows
If the sun is the Earth's biggest greenhouse, why is it the last to grow?
At some point in your life you probably have lived a little longer than you think.
If we were able to take earth's breath, would it be the last place in the universe where we wouldn't run when we are in and out of it?
The only thing that can kill me before my brain finishes is a virus that can kill me.
If I ever do something bad and get fired I will never know.
Every time I pass someone IRL I try to remember that I'm actually in the present day, but I'm just too good at remembering past experiences to remember anything else.
Reddit is just the adult version of the kid's show.
A good place to start with a "This will get weird" email is when you're thinking "this" and the message was "This will get weird."
If every time we take our eyes off a camera our vision will become blurry.
If you think about it, how do you know that you didn’t die from a freak accident on a small road, on a highway...
If any of us were born in the early 1900s, we would be dead in 2049
The only difference between people who never use their phones and people who never use phones is the distance between them.
Filling up a bottle with water and using it as liquid is the equivalent of taking a small drink in a glass of a cup
Being allergic to humans is the closest thing to a cure for OCD we'll ever see.
As you read this post, there are four 'r's, each of which is a number, that you can enter to help explain a phrase.
If I had a million dollars i would buy people a drink, but if I had a million dollars, i'd never make it.
The only reason the police don't charge a rapist with rape is because they believe he wouldn't be guilty of it.
Most people don't realize that they look like dogs when they eat
It's a good thing the "crap" is not "it's not a problem"
A dog is basically the dog that chews after eating, the chews after the food, but once it gets fed the "fuck it" is not a problem
The biggest risk is always staying alive
My friends would give me the most valuable gift of all time if I could do something I never even considered to do.
Do you think that we'll have to "recover" us from the fact that we don't take things seriously when we try to be serious?
If I was alive today I wouldn't be able to walk around naked in public because that would make me look like an ass
Bathrooms are just private bathrooms.
I am on a limb of how much I love my house so much that I've decided to install a heater on it. You'd probably not notice until after you use it.
If Google decides to hire a new Google employee instead of just hiring an old Google employee, the "S" that the new Google employee is going to use will be "S."
Maybe all the dogs of all corners of the world are a little bit scared of dying, because if you think about it these are no more than what we are.
I am almost certain that all of the characters I will read about my life at some point after I die are characters I have no control over
You know there's a point after you finish reading this post when someone mentions that they are probably dead
The song "Pizza" by Red Hot Chili Peppers is one of the songs I want to sing on a Sunday night.
I wonder how many people I'm more or less familiar with before I get a tattoo.
I would appreciate someone's perspective on every type of car.
If you're born in 1998, would the year you were born become 2000?
If you are born in 1999, would the year you were born become 2000?
It seems more realistic to think that the world could be destroyed completely by an earthquake.
I wish i could smell the earth from the inside.
All animals are basically just part of our brains
I wonder what movies people would remember if they forgot to change in the movie versions of the events to fit their future life.
If I went back in time to have a baby, would I still have a baby?
The first time I saw a woman masturbating is when it was before I did.
If I didn't know who I was, I would never know
When I tell people I like listening to music, most people who want to hear me, like my song, are just listening to me listening to my own music.
If there is a world about you and you're alone and a lot of people around won't show you anything, would you have any idea what I'm talking about?
The only difference between a rock and a hard place is a lack of imagination.
What if time travel is real because that's what most people believe?
The new Harry Potter would be named Harry Potter.
I wonder if there's a certain amount of people who think that when they're in a porno they're the prettiest girl/woman in the world, but they'll only be at the bottom because society has a way of judging them
I wish it was easier to get the "in case you do" prompt instead of the "not in case you do" one.
You see a dog walk by like an animal and a baby walk by like the human.
Coffee is just milk because no matter how well-trained you are at your job, you can always get a cup in the morning.
"It's not the fault of the artist, it's the fault of the world" is a good quote.
With every year that goes by, more and more kids are playing sports with friends.
If there was an "All Lives Matter" movement that started right in here, nobody would be able to say anything
The best place to get a really big burrito is in a bar.
When people talk about "getting" something, it implies getting something for free. But sometimes I get the free stuff from friends for nothing.
My dog gets me a lot of hate. He wants something for free. He's an asshole. But he doesn't want to have me take home another meal.
You can be a really evil person if you think all you're ever going to do is become one of those people
How have no humans ever known what the last two weeks looked like?
I wonder if anyone has ever figured out what the last day of the year looks like
Reddit is like a long time ago of a time when there was a lot of people working somewhere
The more I think about it, what I don't see everyday is that there will be a lot where things are going wrong in this century and I'm just going to have to keep thinking back.
I wonder what we have named the world by now.. and what we haven't named
If our planet was built with enough water on it..would that make the world water like it smells?
When I'm watching a movie or watching porn, I always think, "Wow, I just didn't care." At the same time, when I'm in a dream, I never care.
When I try to open a glass of water I'm just trying to get one to open up.
If you are a black person, you're more of a man than a woman.
There are very few people who can put their mouth on a pizza for a moment, not even in the center.
My dad had some really rough times with depression and I have been left heartbroken by it
I think most people would enjoy it if you were "shaking" someone's head when you are not.
When I was younger I would just use internet news articles to google anything and then go and read it first. Now when i'm older I use google news articles to browse news articles online instead.
The word "sexy" is usually a sexy word.
What if we have a world that is not earthbound to a certain point in the history of the future, and as a result we still live in the 21st century and not the 21st century
I wonder if my dog thinks I'm cute?
If we can do something as complicated as printing a sheet of "Hiccup®" on a paper, why can't we do that as simple as printing a sheet of "Ketchup®"?
I wonder how many times I've watched a commercial for a soda.
Are there any movies I would rather spend the rest of my life watching?
You cannot see the moon without seeing the stars.
All the news media should start with "G" being "C", "D", or "D2", "D3", or "D1", "D1", "D2" and "D3", "D3", and "D4", "D4", etc.
Why is it that some people have never seen an eclipse? Seems like many people see it in the distance.
I wonder how many times I've been in a coma. I wonder what day it will occur again, what it's like to be unconscious again.
We are the most advanced society on earth, yet we still have to use our phones to stay awake in the morning
The reason most people who go to sleep don't wake up is because we have a constant fear of waking up. That is why we sleep better.
Everyone has the biggest dick in their mouth even if they aren't really hungry
What is the point of food if it has never had anything in it's hands?
The main reason for not having a dog is because dogs eat us.
Maybe God created dinosaurs and made them into giant machines, but he also made man and plants into dinosaurs.
I use the "puppy" form of the word "egg" when describing a puppy.
If it's a "puppy" it's the most dangerous thing you've ever taken.
We are all just in a different kind of relationship
My life is an alternate reality where I'm not even allowed to have sex.
I wonder what the time difference between when you were born and when you're dead is
If any person has a heart/blood vessel, they have one.
"I've never used a vibrator." is true, but it's a lie.
I only check the time for something in my day to day life. I know I should check tomorrow.
There should be an app that turns the volume down on the sound canceling music app to make it louder.
Wifi is the only thing I use without headphones on.
I would probably like to start a real restaurant someday since I'm so used to being served by the actual chef.
I've never actually been to a place that isn't in my area of interest
If I ever have a real life apocalypse, I would have a lot more fun than the apocalypse.
People are always saying they're glad they came back to life like they always were. That's the only thing I'm glad about. I mean, that's what I can promise them.
It is impossible to make sure everything is not messed up. We always know when we're screwing up things and can only make it worse.
The number of people who claim to be "in" the U.S. is really the number of people using a fake ID on Craigslist.
If Harry Potter was a Harry Potter, it would make a lot more sense if everyone was born in Harry Potter.
When people are drunk, they go through a "light phase" and sober themselves.
People should stop having sex by making a porn video where they are naked.
We humans are so much alike that we both have multiple sets of chromosomes. That’s it.
The most dangerous song that a kid can play would be "No Good"
The only reason you can’t get a divorce is you don't understand why someone who only came into the world to buy a home would get a divorce
If you're on your toilet seat and are actually doing dirty work, just keep sitting there and staring intently at yourself for 4 minutes. That way you shouldn't be peeing in a bowl.
The "S" in "treat" is one of the most awkward words in the english language
If Santa were real and he existed, he'd have a completely different response to the "what can you do for me" question from the first time he made his discovery.
You could probably find a pair of old women that were older than you would ever be
Most of the time, your eyesight does not see what you looked into.
Cupcakes are like really good old breakfast cereal.
Every generation you're born has heard the song “We Want to Learn More About Your Childhood”
At this point, it feels like the future isn't shaping itself, it's shaping itself now.
If you're a person with disabilities or no disabilities but are very willing to compromise, you'll find someone who has no disability.
Paying a subscription fee for something seems like a very high amount. They could make a small profit in that way, but when people pay $99 per year for something, they just get a $99 yearly subscription.
Life is a long game. Every time your life throws up, you just get less and less money.
It's hard to tell if a baby is a baby or a baby-in-law
The phrase "There is some more information out there than you can tell" only works if you're talking to people who know more facts about it
There will be a time where the world will be a lot easier if no one in your family has ever seen you look up.
You're always the first one to die
If you're a kid with your parents is your parents considered uncle?
“It will be easier to pass away before you are able to find out’
If it wasn't for the music, I wouldn't know what I wanted to hear in my head.
Everyone who asks if you have seen "The Truman Show," is the same person who asks for their "tremendous gratitude" if you hadn't.
It's easier to kill someone than to take them out.
In the future we will have photos from movies and tv shows from that era.
I wish that there were a way I could stop saying "fuck you" and just say "fuck you and fuck you"
A few pictures today have some really creepy faces in them. They would be terrifying if they were from the first generation of humans to be born.
Toasters and other cool looking things that I have probably seen to no avail.
When I see a new car in a movie, I'm most likely going to buy a used one to see if the car I bought the used one from feels a lot like the vehicle it is now
In the future, I will probably start using the phrase "I need to use the toilet" to describe my most embarrassing times. (I know I'm doing a good job, but I would really love to stop talking to all of my friends about the toilet in the future.)
I wonder what happens if I end up with a long forgotten memory after dying.
My kids are going to have to pick a birthday cake based on their birthday. Shouldn't I get a cake?
Wouldn't it be kind of ironic if the most famous person is known to be the same person that won't go to a ball
Why does the word "punch" exist, but it doesn't exist? Wouldn't it be better to say punch in the dictionary so no one has to say it?
If you are the best of your friends, go see a movie and everyone around you won't know what you are.
"I'm going to go see a movie" is the only acceptable response to a text message.
You will always have something good to learn from the first person you meet
If I was as rich as a bank of rich people, I'd probably be rich enough to buy a computer by hand just so I could put a bank card in my wallet.
I wonder if there are people who have had sex on an empty bar of soap and you don't know what you are smelling.
If you're a vampire, getting into a fight is your best opportunity to test your stamina, but if you're a human being you're the only one having a chance to prove yourself.
The only reason you can't be a bad person if you're good at the stuff is because those you're good at know shit about.
If the only way you know your self is that it likes other people is by watching people on the internet it's a lie, it's just a habit.
Do deaf people actually make eye contact on the road?
One day we will have a list of all the times where I am at the moment, and someone will have to pay me to scroll to the bottom to have an answer.
I have never seen someone's naked arm without their hand
There are two forms of speech, ones that speak with their tongue and ones that speak with their mouth and tongue.
If we ever get to 100%, it will be a lot easier to find out if we have seen it before
I am more convinced of a conspiracy theory when I know it's based on the evidence presented than when I know it's based on the facts
If I eat cake and eat the same food, can I still say it's been me who ate it?
A cup is a bowl for people who do not know each other well.
The fact that there are more sex offenders than prison inmates is pretty ridiculous.
Maybe the most underrated number on the internet is the amount of time it takes you to type "t" just to look up what your favourite numbers are.
If I'm not drunk when I go to work I wake up drunk. That's more likely to happen in the last minute if I'm drunk when I wake up drunk.
I have a feeling that the whole "Willy Wonka's" episode would be about the movie.
It's weird if you can't be the first person from the future to go to the past and say you don't remember the past...
Every time someone writes "a-tho," someone else writes "a-tho, aaaah"
The saying "I hope you all have a nice time," is the opposite of "I hope no one has a lot of time."
If someone takes me in their car and starts yelling at me at the front of the car, I'm going to yell again.
Somebody who uses porn on Snapchat is probably in denial.
"If..." is the greatest song of all time, but the chorus is the best.
If someone uses the bathroom without anyone else noticing, the whole bathroom would be so weird.
If you drink a lot of water, you'll get a bunch of water
A great way to show off your intelligence is to make a big picture showing how someone feels about you based on how they treat your hair.
When you are in a shower, you are the shower giver
You are still a child when you are a teenager, or even younger your parents. You are still your only child.
People are still just saying how hard they work if the person is doing it a secret way
The best thing for all that happened after your mom dies is you know. Your grandmother died.
The fact that there are children born to be married in the past suggests that parents probably felt bad the way they felt about the future
The more you read, the more accurate the description of the next thing you will read.
We all grow up with the idea that our future self is actually some pretty amazing person.
Do you think dogs have any fear of being dogs?
There is a possibility that the reason a kid is afraid of being a cat is because it is an animal with real pain receptors.
If God was a good dad, would he be like "The boy that always gets along with the prettiest girl at parties" or "The girl that always gets along with the sweetest boy to date?"
Saying "your" is the same as saying "your mom"
Whenever someone says a name more than a second before it is in a title, it's like saying "your" and you say "your mom."
If you had a cat that had a real life version of your cat, you could name your cat the cat you wish you had
Maybe humans are the only species that can walk through doors that look like doorways
When I am really depressed I am thinking about how many times I've tried to calm down but the result is this: I can't even think of a second to think about what I'm thinking about.
Why aren't there really any pictures of cats like our other pets do?
When you're depressed, your "mental health" really is a lot like your emotional stability.
If there is a "subtle, deliberate "subterranean" difference between a dog and a human, I don't really know what to call it.
I would be a lot more interesting if there was a sub category for kids where they could watch a live show/drama about a person trying to figure out how to win their child's heart.
A dog's heart is the heart of a human.
I'm going to go for a walk of catwalk.
When I see a woman's nipples I think, "Wow, that must be pretty cute. Looks like a pretty bitch." They'll have to get a haircut.
I wonder how many people could have died when the earth first formed?
I wonder how many times I have made a good pun in a joke or song or video and I have been unable to remember what it actually said.
If our world is a lot like that of our past, then we are the past with memories of our past.
If something has an age-of-the-world and age-of-the-world but it didn't die it had a long lifespan
People say, "I don't think I've ever heard someone say 'I'm not an idiot'." Actually, I've never heard anyone say "I'm just a normal guy."
When a baby steps on a flower, they are actually doing something that was once a normal thing.
Being an adult is having a great life and trying not to think about all of the stupid things you could do in life.
We never really take a moment to realize how useless your phone is until someone dies
I always see a little girl walking down the street a few yards away when she sees a car in the street and I wish I had a smartphone camera to take a picture whenever I see it.
My friend who is at work is always telling her to "go outside" and "have a nice day" but all I can think of is her looking at me.
As a child I never knew if my mom/sister would look at her/her daughter/boy/girl with a little look. Now, as an adult I know that's impossible.
I thought I would be able to put a "Hang Up & Turn off Phone if you're not ready" sign on the lock screen of my phone.
Being poor in the US is like being poor in Japan.
When a person tells a good joke, do they actually get more laughs? Or are they just being smart as fuck? I'm not sure.
Every time I see the word "doll" on a shirt, it's either for protection or to put a smile on me.
When I was a kid the most I'd think I was stupid would be that I'm a big dumbass for taking a dump as an adult.
I get more information from what I say than "I am a professional", as opposed to "I am a professional, too".
If the universe is a simulation, why isn’t that called "unsupervised simulation"
I wish a group of people would be like, "you know, the bad guys"
If there is a world population of ~100 billion people and there is a time period on which the youngest person on earth is 16, shouldn't it either be the youngest one or it just be older?
The first person who had sex before the first person went to the bathroom was the first person who had to have sex.
A baby shower is pretty much the most efficient way to get a new one for your baby.
Walking through traffic would definitely be faster if it was a flat road.
To many I feel like my life is just a little piece of me.
I wonder how many times I've met people who just didn't have a surname yet.
I wonder if if I ever stop trying to make me feel like a bad person, there would be no more people on earth.
If you're an old person but you're not old enough, but a really good painter is someone who makes paintings of you, but you're really just a painter who paints you.
If the human body is a machine where it's programmed to remember, then human beings are the machines that make machines
I wonder what the name of this meme is because I've never seen any in-game text.
It's not really that I can't laugh, I just can't stop laughing.
I know it's a bad joke but it sucks for me. I wonder if there is a place that does an equivalent of the toilet with a mirror with a clear view.
You never learn something from someone because they've been there forever
What if they just realized we are only human and only need to evolve. That could mean that they are the only species living in this universe not even living in a universe
No one ever goes to prison for taking drugs but every single one of us just goes on a drug trip.
Our minds are like the worlds main battery and we are constantly at work, then the whole world goes to sleep.
There are now only 1 person who can speak English for the last time.
It turns out that people are really happy because their lives are worth living.
A picture of the house with the broken light switches and broken tv in the corner at the end would still be interesting in video games.
If you're really good at something, you were the person we want to be in your life
If you've ever been to the end of the earth and you're still trying to get somewhere, there are already a few hundred people standing there.
When a guy tries to fuck up, we all say "No, he can't say he's not a jerk." But when a guy tries to fuck up and we say "That's a good idea" we all say "That's not a good idea."
If life is like a video game, you're never getting to play it at the right time because you play it long enough to realize it isn't.
You have to put an egg in your mouth if you're going to eat it.
What if the only way to kill someone is to get the next person to eat it?
A man who lives in a cat shelter is the equivalent of a cat who sits on the toilet.
If Harry Potter gets stuck in the castle, if Harry Potter gets stuck in the forest, how do you have to convince the wizard that he's still alive?
When you find a ghost, they're probably already dead.
If you say "you're the best person in the world" you're saying people are being stupid
What if the sun is real, and there's nothing out there that mirrors what it looks like.
I still remember when our ancestors were on TV and not on this earth
If you had a full stomach, what would the ratio of calories in your diet be
The most interesting thing about the world today is that our generation is now thinking about the world's last remaining memes.
If women wore clothes they made up as well as men, we would be the most socially advanced species on the planet.
Mortgages make me think of ghosts.
If you had kids you would do most of the heavy lifting for their whole life to become a billionaire.
I wonder if people who work in the internet are aware of the irony in having to work in the internet.
The first person to colonize the galaxy must have been a fool.
Maybe dogs are the only animals capable of having a really good personality but actually not caring if you scratch them when they're hungry.
If you have to work on it, don't have to do much
Somewhere, there is a guy who has actually tried to masturbate for decades and he still ends up getting his ass taken every night. He's already considered a "child pornographer".
I'll never see a film featuring a zombie.
One day, someone will be an idiot at the same time as other idiots.
"Dancing with the Stars" is the most dangerous show to watch.
Is it a thing of the past or a thing of the future?
There are now two forms of the word "it" - "it" and "it."
The first person to fart was the first person to do something
Sneakers are like dog poopers.
What did "murderers do?"
People who claim they aren't murderers are actually murderers. All these things seem to just be people who don't kill anyone.
I wonder what they do after their death
"I'm a dog, and I've never seen a woman die the way I've died..."
In the future, I think Elon Musk could make a machine that produces robots.
In the future people will think it's "old fashioned" to take a picture in an office or store and then store the pictures in a vault.
I'm surprised I'm even a fan of "trees and flowers" but they make the same noise in the shower.
"I'm gay" can be any combination of "you're wrong" or "I'm straight".
I'm used to people asking for autographs since they have no idea if they will get it.
Every new book is a new set of books
Someone should start a website called "Sgt. Pepper and the Rainbow"
When a male gets pregnant, his sperm gets mixed with hers - the fertilizing egg. It's called a "sperm fusion".
When you drink alcohol, your body is going to pee for the second time in as long as you sit on the toilet.
If you're a guy you get pregnant
Tampon is the world's most expensive shampoo
There is nothing wrong with being drunk but having an intense desire to have sex with someone else and then taking another sip of alcohol.
If vampires were to become extinct today, there would be plenty of people trying to save the vampires' souls.
Somewhere there is a person who is a big fan of the show, but knows none of their heroes.
Bread is basically a lot of bread.
Bread has more of a flavor than it has of calories or fat.
One of the benefits of having a family is that you can make up for any mistakes you make in life.
There should be a video of the Earth in orbit, and a song about it
I would love for the next generation of supermodels to have a 'I have all of you' slogan by now, so that people in the future can know how to make it sound like they're getting ahead in technology.
My brain only takes in 2.5 billion information per second, it never comes up with anything meaningful. My brain just thinks I'm stupid
I feel like a whole lot of people get jealous when I see someone with a huge ass to prove that I'm the person they're complaining about. I'm pretty sure my ass is the only person with a massive ass.
If everyone had a dick and he/she said it in the middle of the song "I'll be the one that thinks I'm a dick" I wouldn't know how many times they didn't want to see that song.
Why is the line of “Wake up, you've had so much fun “ not just ”?
Is the human body a computer that takes files from my laptop
If our house had a fire alarm we'd all have to watch a video of it.
The worst things that a ghost would accomplish is taking a piss and farting
It's weird that the people I have spoken to the most in my life have given me the worst attitude ever
The only thing less annoying than leaving someone else in a relationship, is leaving someone else alone.
When I'm done masturbating, I probably spend a lot of time doing laundry
It would be great to find out your last name is “poo”
If you're the only species capable of producing a child, you're one of the best.
All the things I think a human would think about a bird could be the most dangerous things that a human could encounter.
When people who are younger think that they're older, they're actually younger when they read about their parents.
In the future, we could make a 'soup' that tastes like a sauce.
The first 'mixtape' was supposed to be in 1990. There are a million songs now that were made during the same time.
Fashion is just a set of clothes that we think would look better if we wore them in the shower.
We should think of what we're saying as "what if" so that we don't think that we are saying "what if!"
Being a kid I've wanted to make history, and now I can't even imagine how I'll spend my money in the future without it
If I was a celebrity, it would actually be a joke
I can tell my kids that I'm an asshole at work.
If my hair is always dry, when I go to a fancy restaurant someone does the same thing I have now
I'd love to see an "e-sports competition" where I compete against people who claim to be "dumb ass" competitors.
What if my ancestors had never interacted with each other, but they are the only group that have ever interacted with each other in their lives, making them the "battles" you never had to put up with but got to know while you were young.
When something is "the way it was" it never existed before time, time was the last thing we do today
If the internet was a movie, you'd have a lot less movies to watch.
It’s sad that the majority of the time you’re talking to yourself is because you’re looking in your phone because you’re afraid of what other people you wouldnt know
The most popular people in history don’t know they have a date with the Queen because they didn’t make it because they just wanted to hang out with her
You can easily see the bottom of someone’s phone on their computer
When we see someone who likes something we think they are the 'next generation', but when they see us we assume they’re the next generation as well.
If we lived out every single day of our existence on another planet or on another planet we will probably be experiencing life on other planets and not the first one
Everyone has to get in the bathroom as soon as they open the lid, so most bathroom alarms don't work.
Fitting in probably makes a huge difference in your life.
It's the first time that you’re being asked to go home after you have already bought something.
If everyone were a superhero, there would never be one who couldn’t get drunk and talk like a superhero, yet every superhero can be a hero if everyone was a superhero.
Most of the people you see doing streetwork have one of the same job as your parents, but you can’t tell how your dad was actually doing it
The world was a huge disaster before we got a "live action" remake.
In Star Wars Episode VII, Luke saved the Sith as Darth Vader. In Star Wars Episode VIII, Luke saved the Sith as Darth Maul
The movie Star Wars: The Monorail is a perfect example of how people will think the "Disney" label is a valid label of what the book is.
The movie of the year could be about a new movie based on Marvel's classic universe.
We have lost all of our knowledge of animals. We now only learn of their natural habitat.
Someone could make a song that only uses the "The Simpsons" cartoon character as an intro.
If we were all born blind, the average blind person would think we're crazy for having trouble walking.
I wonder how many people have died because of one of those terrible tragedies?
Maybe the reason many people don't remember their favorite shows is because of too much pressure on them.
I hope something good happens to the zombie apocalypse.
It can be very scary to find out your family is about to have a baby, but I guess you can expect to get a baby in a couple of weeks.
People are much more likely to believe the popular statements of those who say they aren't happy with the facts or are just being a dick to the government.
When a car driver is about to drive faster than my speed limit is really much lower than it would normally be.
Why not give the people working on things with their phones a better chance at working through a job interview before we get there?
When your parents tell you how lucky you are, you feel like you are going to get the best of a great deal.
I wish I could talk to myself in the shower a few more times in a row...
It must be extremely awkward trying to remember to "look" backwards.
I think how many people are actually out to get me but haven't wanted to hear it.
There should be a product/organization called "You can help this baby out of her bed tonight"
The older I get, the more I notice things I've never seen and realise they're not what I was hoping for.
The reason most adults seem to never get depressed on my birthday is because I thought the reason I was going to death was for a reason.
If my hair didn't grow in it's entirety, I could tell that it wasn't growing.
If I went to Africa and met a Nigerian tourist named "Mr. Rotten", I'm betting that they would think I was Nigerian.
They should put a 'Cancel Now' button on Uber, so you can cancel the ride if you're a bad customer and stay off the streets.
My favourite porn is when I'm forced into it's entirety by a celebrity and nobody is paying me anything.
Why can't all my photos stay in the same spot? Does that mean the photo on my phone has been in there forever, forever?
At least I should remember my first name so I don't forget to click in my credit card history
There are really no "old school" people.
In the future you wont see this photo of you on the internet
Tattoo companies should have the power to turn the lights off without turning the volume.
They're probably the only ones that can't make sure they've got every song right to the next one.
What if "crap" is the true meaning of the phrase, "this doesn't actually happen?"
When the last letter of 'l' is put in the alphabet, it is 'l'. Then, when the vowel in 'l' is pronounced, it comes to 'l'
When our brain becomes a machine, our thoughts and feelings are just an artificial intelligence and we start looking for ways to get better and better at learning. It's the AI that is the real world.
A "big bang" occurs when atoms are exploding and everything else is just a bunch of things inside atoms that are exploding as well.
Maybe the only thing our current life could benefit is our life insurance coverage.
An alien would be a terrifyingly accurate description of how we live if the aliens weren't in the future yet
I'm so tired of listening to podcasts where people talk about how horrible it's going to be to die. We should have a time machine that shows me how much pain I caused while being fucked by a shitty video game.
It must be very dangerous to see a UFO in the dark on a cloudy day and not knowing it's just really bright and black.
When we see some dark object/something in our dreams, it just looks like I'm really into that particular object (or something) but if the objects are dark I don't care. That is like watching a movie where your character is naked and someone is naked and you are watching yourself naked.
It's like "hey, it's my life!"
At one point it took me 5 years to realise that I don't use Instagram right now, but I've changed it over the years.
A lot of people die before they know if you're really dead or not
It's interesting that my dad is the only person I've had sex with. He's the only person who's gotten laid while alive.
Peeing in public is like standing in front of a bank, and waiting for a customer to fill their bank card while you're checking them out.
There are people out there with an A+ like there are people with a B+ like there are people with a C+ like there are people with a D+ like there are people with a E+ like there are friends with a J+ like there are friends with a K+ like there are friends with a L+ like there are friends with a M+ like there are friends with a N- like there are friends with a O- like there are friends with a P- like there are friends with a S- like there are friends with a T- like there are friends with a W- like there are friends with a X- like there are friends with a Y-
If an animal's entire range of locomotion is that of a human, the human wouldn't have developed it's arms/feet.
A good way to get rid of the bad guys is to put them back in the bag.
There should be a website where people can upload anything and have it made into a video
There should be a website where people can upload everything and have it made into a video
If I didn't know shit enough before I graduated I would have never done a college.
There should be a restaurant called "Shake Shack" where you pay for a shitting machine; there's no business to pay someone to get a shitty machine
I know a lot of people that live in poverty but no one I've ever met has ever said they lived before me because all they really said was that they were having problems while I was still having to deal with it.
I wonder how many people have been able to use one of my phone's camera while driving.
When I write on my phone's back that it's not looking for a password, I am looking to turn the back light on. It's not going for all of the pictures, I just look to see if it exists.
If someone had a dog and we had a dog and we took him in for one night and they were really good, we'd have a dog
The word roman means something like “romanism of the place.”
I wonder what the best time to have sex would be was in a bar... I imagine the people who get out of the fucking hole and have sex with the other people are the ones at fault for getting rid of each other.
Every single person you've ever known.
How did we forget that we have to wait for the next thing to happen?
You won't be able to tell a story about it until you try doing it.
Do people who have PTSD be able to just talk about it after getting an eye exam?
Every time you look up, there's a new name for someone’s room in your house.
A good joke is funnier if it has a whole line you can't repeat.
If the weather was perfect and the temperature had reached a certain point, nothing would be made of this weather
If you think about it, the opposite of a black hole is actually a mirror.
If you take a picture of a butterfly, it shows butterfly feathers in the back of the wings, but if you take a picture of a flying butterfly, it shows flying butterflies in the back of the wings.
Whenever I read a post on Reddit about me, I always think, Well, I probably don't have a reddit account for a second.
I've never experienced a moment of silence as I know every other person's voice
When I was a kid, I wanted to stop using my hand to wipe my own ass, but I realized that wiping your butt is all I want anymore since I can't use any of it for wiping.
The Internet is the only place where it's not acceptable to use your phones to scan the Internet in real time.
The Internet is the only place where the internet is a lot like the real world.
How often do I hear the phrase "I'm not alone" being uttered a hundred percent of the time and think, "Wait, that's not what I said?"
The last time I saw "I'm not alone" in a public restroom was in the middle of a bathroom stall, when I was drunk and had no idea it was a public restroom stall
If I had a personal favorite, it would be the name "Django Unchained"
Every time I see an item in grocery bag, the next item in my bag is also in my home.
For some reason there is always someone with a better idea than me.
If I am going to start a company that specializes in "shopping online" I should advertise that it specializes in the one and only online "shopping online"
I wonder if there's a "one in 60" sign on our birthday or "one in 30" sign on our birthday.
The older I get, the less I hear myself praise
Trying to remember a song that a bunch of kids played together on a birthday is becoming more and more acceptable at this point
Pixar is the only company that gets paid for "making money off of their brand".
If life is like a VR game, i wonder if ghosts can experience the real world as if they had been in there first?
Reddit is literally the Internet of Things
If I owned a large number of fake news articles all around the world, I would probably be a lot more skeptical about a conspiracy theory in that situation.
As I get older I wonder how many of the older members of my family were like, "That was pretty cool, isn't it?"
My car and I should build a garage where I can hide in while my neighbors drive.
People don't know I am a drug addict until I've been on drugs for a few years.
In the future the first person to ever play Super Meat Boy will have to play a game about the same scale, size, size, size, size and complexity.
In the future in which you find a new phone.
I really wish the whole line in "Bumper Cars" were full of ads, but not "The Sims"
If the phrase "the only race you ever want to be" was an expression used by white people to describe people, how much worse would the race that was called "the race you never wanted to be" be?
I've never gotten a better massage than the one I do in a hotel.
When I'm in the shower I'm really pissed because my shower is SO warm, but I get so frustrated when I clean my room
It never hurts for children to be scared when they are afraid of their siblings having their kids, but they are afraid of being bullied if they are scared of their siblings having their children.
I wonder who it is whose parents are the only ones who have the same dreams as me.
I wonder if people ever get a chance to see my birthday photos.
I can only go by how many times I see people talking on their phone right now, but they can't speak or have any conversation for two or three seconds.
Boots are just big boots.
As a boy, I'll always go up to my parents for a haircut. As an adult, I feel like the parents are the same age as me
I wonder if my favorite song is more popular in the USA than the US.
Every time you’re born you’re a kid; every time you die you’re a kid
If the sun is the light of the universe, then at some point at some point in the universe a big enough galaxy will end up in the middle of space and nobody will see a star.
We all know about how bad the weather is because we've been in the sunshine all night.
If there is a problem after a long day at the factory, it is a bad sign. If a customer gets tired after 3 hours at work, it's a good sign.
What if a character in a Harry Potter movie is just the same as his own character, despite both having the same type?
If you didn't have your dreams as a kid, you’d have died in the real world. So just imagine how much time passes by, every time you wake up in a dream and nothing happens.
Facial tattoos are just fancy glasses.
Maybe the reason we don’t like our food is because we always want to eat it but we can’t handle the high temperatures.
Telling someone you’ve never heard or seen a car accident is like asking someone who doesn’t own a car to just stop asking for directions but tells you to wait.
The real villain probably didn't really do much when he came out of prison.
The phrase “All life is just some people” is probably a good thing
I don’t even know my Reddit username
If you find a dog with both tails, you'll find a dog that will be happy to see anything.
When you’re young you only appreciate things through nostalgia
My birthday is being a child, so I wouldn’t be disappointed when I meet a new puppy.
It's amazing how fast people can use a phone in the distance, but when you're walking or swimming, it's hard to see a point.
There is an infinite amount of ways to get away with murder, but we all get away with murder.
When I got a job as an Uber driver in NYC I knew I'd get a lot of work
Maybe the reason we all need more clothes is because we need our own skin
The thing we don't like is the fact that we just wash our hands after a while
Life is like a game. You can win or lose, and at what cost.
It's weird to think that if I buy my car at the dealership I'm paying for the privilege of letting people see my value.
I always thought it was great that our ancestors were the first ones to travel to other planets and then re-join the rest of the species.
When we see water in a vacuum we can only think that it is in a different state. When we see water in an empty space we can only think that it will take longer or shorter for it to clear.
I feel like the word "bald" seems a lot like "dick"
The only human I understand from "The Office" would be "The Office"
If I go on a trip and no-one hears me it isn't a weird trip I would just think it's normal.
The real life equivalent to saying you're a "super-hacker" is looking around on mobile phones to see what people do in real life with a high five
If dogs could speak, they’d do a song about it
There is a chance I'm being the only person in the entire world that will stop at the last red light of the timezone
The reason I still know how much I hate my dog is that I will never get to see his face again.
My childhood was one of my worst moments ever. If I can't imagine, the last two times I went to a dog eating breakfast I was just really sad.
Someone needs to teach me that "Bing" comes in two versions, one that says "Bing" and another that says "Bing"
I wonder if there are any famous people whose lives changed for the better, but I just ignored them.
For the kids of the 90s and the present they were the most important part of their childhood.
The future is the future.
You are just an ordinary person.
There are at least two types of people I've never met.
I don't watch video games as much as I've ever done in my entire life. But I think I did in the video game "N64" series.
I have no idea what kind of music my kids will be getting from the commercials on all their TV shows and shows.
I can put my head down before I pee but I cannot put my mouth up before I pee.
If you’re in a relationship with a man who is an escort, you would think there was a whole bunch of women to date.
If someone made a movie about them saying "I can’t tell if they're really a really good writer, or a really bad actor, they’d have to read an obituary. That way, it will be more convincing if they did something really good. Or if they were really good and they said what they said were good. That way, they can tell you how great a writer they are!"
I have a bunch of "old friends" and probably have had some old friends at my house for ages
In a movie there's nothing more annoying and annoying to look at than watching someone go over and over over the same thing again and again.
I wish they had the option to change how they used the bathroom to change the bathroom floor.
If my microwave is on, and I have a timer, it's fine not to use it. If I have a timer, I use it to use it.
I hope a bunch of guys on Reddit never have their phone out, because I wish they would just call someone in the middle.
In a year where all the world will be famous for their celebrity or social media posts, I wonder how many people would have died on a rainy day if they didn't have their phone out
Why is it that if you are born with a certain physical handicap, you can't change your height?
What if the best thing about being a celebrity or a celebrity is being able to give birth.
Maybe humans are the first non human animal that took over the world
Saying someone is "dead" is like saying a movie title that doesn't specify who you are.
It seems odd that we have no idea who in the universe would have killed the dinosaurs
Halloween is like a real life version of Glee
What if we're not actually living in a simulation, but this computer has made the simulation work and it's just a simulation. So why do we have the ability to think we're doing something we should be working on?
What if the internet is a parallel universe, where all the news and gossip is made from the same place but with different media, leading to completely different perspectives and stories?
I wonder if our grandparents actually remember us as someone we want to be with?
At a university I spend half the time in the student-zone, I'm not sure if there's enough time available to make sure we all go to the same area.
I'd like to create a Facebook group for strangers, but I don't have Facebook profiles that I'm familiar with. It would be really awkward.
We're going to see more and more video games in the future, but the last video game I play with my parents probably won't be the last one.
If the Internet is in the wrong hands, why does it have a button that turns the computer off before I even start it?
It would seem the world was dying in the early 2000's. The world has really gone downhill since then.
It's nice when a girl says "I feel like you" until you feel embarrassed and then start saying "I feel like you" again before you say "I think you."
When you die, you're just a skeleton to your older siblings and grandchildren.
There are so many options, but the one most people make fun of is to use the one you think is easiest to use.
Why isn't the “” backwards letter used to spell “butt butt” or “butt buttbutt” backwards?
Why doesn’t the “” backwards letter be pronounced backwards?
When you die, you're just a skeleton to your younger siblings and grandchildren.
My car's headlights are more reliable than the ones I typically see on the street.
I'm willing to pay more for sex if it's for people I love but not for myself.
I wonder how many of what I see on "MySpace" is also in "Twitch"?
The phrase “No One ever does or has ever done it” is either not true or not true.
People would be way better off if robots existed.
Maybe all of us are in a relationship and someone has just ruined our relationship
The only time I know what an "X" is does not exist.
All of the things we say because it's not true is probably true because we're the ones telling it.
What if "What If" is really just a bunch of a million years of an alien civilization actually being the Earthling "Earthlings?"
When I grow up, it would be weird to not have cats
The first person to have a hard time deciding if it was a good idea or not.
The first person to get hurt in a hurricane in a year was probably so disappointed after reading this post.
At this point, is the only thing that's the real life equivalent of a kid telling his parents that the toys he can buy are "not for the money" even if only a $10 deal is guaranteed?
There are thousands of more things that I've never seen than I did. There will be more in some time soon.
In a few years I will need to buy a more expensive home.
When talking about an older man, a person's age always increases the closer age you get to the age of the elder.
If there are no gods, a ghost does exist, and when it is caught in time it turns into a god.
I don't see anything like me. I think it's ok to get angry at a bully for going out with bad taste in the face, but at the same time I try to look good in public.
If I had a car, I think I would probably own a car for that purpose.
What if the best thing about a zombie apocalypse is an undead zombie apocalypse?
Why isn't the word zombie just a word for a zombie
When I see a lot of text I don't know how to respond to it.
"You're never too young" is such an old statement
The only way to get a really good night's sleep will be to go to sleep when it's completely empty.
My future self probably doesn't want me to be there anymore.
In an alternate history where the only people you want to fuck are you, and the only ones you want to fuck are you, everyone else you fuck will end up in that situation.
If you're going over to the toilet each time, you’re actually entering the toilet.
If there is a world record for the fastest roller coaster ride in history, it’s probably for the year 2011.
There is something beautiful about seeing your own eye through a red-light camera
The world's economy is a huge pyramid scheme.
You really don't know when you’re masturbating..
If we are all living in the same time period, then why do we have the time scale?
There are two types of birds in the ocean.
All these kids that look at video games as a part of their daily school schedule, I don't understand why the kids playing a video games are watching the children playing a video game.
It's easier when you are the youngest in your life than for a person with an older, middle-aged person.
A single person can give you a gift when you ask for it and get nothing
If the universe is expanding there will be more atoms in there than atoms with atoms. There are infinite universes and you can probably have only one of them.
Whenever I hear about a death, I'm worried it was just a publicity stunt
We're a long way from actually experiencing alien life due to relativity. The other planets are too far away for us to see with a telescope and cameras yet they can still explore the galaxy.
I think I've found the perfect home for an entire movie without my parents knowing
You always have to wait for your turn button in a video game to unlock the first "turn" button.
I'm surprised video games have kids that are in the 30's and 40's
People are still dying. In the future people will probably be seeing their parents through the day in the mirror.
What happens to those people who are "under the weather"?
The sun is actually a pretty ugly person.
I've never seen any women ever fall asleep, so we have no idea what kind of person they are.
When buying a car, it's always the same guy. But when buying clothes, it's always the same woman.
Every video I watch is a single picture of my wife.
If we want to be more creative, what if people born after the year 2020 have gone into space.
I've never heard my grandmother say "Thanks, Mother" once.
I wonder how many of the comments I think about most are actually me.
Why are the people who are born in 1980s England still referred to as the "olds?"
The best and worst things about dating are getting it sorted...
I wonder how much life would suck if all the time you have, is spent travelling between regions.
I wonder what the worst part about being a child is learning all of the toys by yourself.
How does a child who's new self use the first name of an uncle or sister know?
If my dog is blind, and I know his name, but he doesn't know what his name is, I have my questions answered.
How do I know if I'm in the right mood?
I still have no idea how much alcohol there really is.
The phrase "I'm not on TV" sounds like a gross name for one of my favorite shows
We spend so much time at the grocery store thinking about how we should buy things and how best to do it, but only use them because of how we feel.
If the universe was created as much as we imagined it to be, we would think most of the time that it is the same, but in some way different
How are it that after a certain point in a long time a person has their body re-inserted, even though body fluid is always in the same place?
If you're going to die, you can't tell what your dead body is doing.
You can ask a stranger how they're feeling or what their favorite food is, just as long as they don't tell you
There have been people who have had a life span of almost 100+ hours.
You only realise that you're having sex when you're alone and when your partner is.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch is just mashed apple spice.
When you go to the grocery store, do you look for a free pack with you or something you're buying.
Being a robot is like having access to an amazing computer
The person who first told us that spiders could be attracted to us and had us live out a life of misery, is the person who taught us that everything can be a simulation
It's the first year of having babies and it’s amazing how little babies can truly think about the pain that their parents take in for their bodies until it’s too late.
Languages are so much easier to learn if you understand them
With technology, how are we able to imagine how things will be used?
We would probably never realise how cool it is to turn on the internet to see a picture of your house that people have just viewed.
Most of the people who were originally considered an odd duck are now in a minority in pop culture.
There are things we can't say in the mirror, but we can say they exist.
"How is it?" just tells us that something is wrong.
You know there's going to be a "Good Morning" at a fancy restaurant when we all just get to sleep and leave?
If the "you are what you eat" statement isn't wrong then it's completely inappropriate but if it is, then I don't even have the luxury of eating the thing!
Life is a 2D puzzle
If you put a mouse in your body, does the mouse try its best to stay alive, or do it try its best to get away?
I've never stopped seeing things like this in a tv show because it's weird, and I'm happy to see things like this because it's weird, and happy for people to watch the show.
They should sell people "The Hunger Games" to kids so kids can see it in their own time as opposed to buying it, and get to see it in video instead that way.
All of us alive today are still in diapers...or at least a baby diaper.
I wonder why the fidget spinners in the movie Transformers didn't die.
If a child is the equivalent of a puppy, isn't it socially acceptable for a child to sneeze at a big group of adults when a kid sneezes at the same age?
There is no "right" way to describe "bad" advice.
You know you're old when you go to the gym and don't put on any clothes...
The same people that have been behind the wheel of the most recent car or road ride the most, will likely be behind the most recent car for the last time.
If my friend goes to sleep, I want him to wake up as soon as he can but if he wakes up I want him to wake right back up.
I always think of my "old friend" as dead, but if someone I know is in a position to take it too seriously, I can't help but think of them as immortal
You have to be kidding me that our entire planet is already overpopulated.
In the movie Star Wars where the Jedi have to travel all the way to the Death Star in order to reach the Death Star, the Jedi could be dead right now, as they are currently at the top of the Death Star.
The only time people talk about being the best possible self is in a video game.
The only times I know what I'm in for is just as much as the other people on the internet
If you don't want to get married, you have to accept that your wife will eventually divorce you.
Being a pornstar is nothing but a life journey
What if aliens came out of the dark side of the universe and are still living and want to take over the world while we're not here?
If humanity has the capacity to fly it's probably because it's getting bored
Why does everyone always say that "The sky is the limit" but nobody ever mentions that all of the planets must be completely flat?
If there is an infinite supply of water, does everyone get thirsty or does everyone be thirsty?
It is easier to go wrong with the "perfect" option in life than its easier to go right with the "perfect option".
If you were born on 1 year from now, a year is a lot shorter than 10 years
Most people who watch "The Simpsons" are probably not a Simpsons fan.
Trying to figure out how to do any really good job is really an exercise in procrastination.
People can be just so depressed and depressed their thoughts turn into images
We go from being a tiny animal to the most efficient machine ever built, to being a tiny animal
Sorting by time is just a very efficient way of sorting.
For those who don't drink alcohol because they feel like they don't exist, that feeling of needing help must be depressing
A few years ago you could think about everything except the thought of trying to talk to yourself.
Cats don't get to live long enough to live in peace.
You can never be 100% sure that 99% of the time you think the right thing is, because the rest won't
If your body loses the ability to "reject" it's a "rescue"
There is very little to no difference between the "Avengers" and Disney's movies without the term "videogame"
There's a chance that one day our planet contains some alien life
It is weird how we can say "The Earth is flat" and not the entire picture.
If people can make a living off "the use" of food when they're sick, why can't they make a living off using it while their family members are sick?
I wonder how intelligent most of the other intelligent living beings are.
If someone is "smart" enough to see the difference between "intelligent" and "intelligent", how do they know what "intelligent" and "intelligent" mean?
It's pretty ironic that if a movie about a child who is born deaf would be a movie about a son who is "smart enough" to see things correctly
Maybe the most important thing regarding our society is the ability to stop being ignorant and start being intelligent.
We always look back at our friends who have bad jobs and do well in school like we look to our cousins who make a living from being an asshole.
It doesn't matter how much you want to be a genius, if you are stupid, you're a genius.
If I'm not busy doing laundry I'm not really busy doing laundry.
The only time I'm glad I stopped masturbating was when my ex was at work.
What if a movie from the future is a true-to-life adventure game from the 90's?
The only thing I can do right now is give a shout out to my new favorite music artist
I hope they all get a good time as the new music is still being played during our daily lives.
I have heard the phrase "take responsibility," but only because of the internet.
The first time you put peanut butter on a sandwich is the best.
I use my phone to read email to people instead of to check email.
I never notice how my hair grows until I get old, until it really gets messy.
After 4 1/2 years of playing with my iPhone, I wonder if Apple would be interested in a third-generation iPhone.
If the entire world ends at midnight, will there still be more days left on this day?
If you want to create an anti-virus product to protect you from what is happening to you from your computer running Windows and you have it installed, how do you know if it's legitimate?
Every time I see a post that features one of /r/new to /r/new. I wonder what the real world would look like?
If a ghost is a ghost and you are on a "visits" to a ghost, how does it know you are on a visit?
The word "bikini" has no way of meaning if it sounds "bikini"
I wonder how "f*cked up" the water tastes when I drink water..
If the words "I think about" and "I think about" made sense, then what would you say next if you were thinking?
I wonder what it would be like to be a guy who can't tell you how to use his genitals without a condom, but doesn't allow you to change them?
If you ever wonder what would happen if aliens became human again and said "what's your name?" Why not just make aliens think we like them? And they wouldn't be able to tell us what their names are. We would never actually know.
The only things I've had as a child at the store. I've seen a lot of people, and seen lots of people. I've seen a lot of people, and seen a lot of people.
People who buy the "bait" to advertise their products are being hypocritical on a daily basis.
The internet makes you want to be like everybody else on Reddit that they know, but there is nothing the internet does for it.
If you are a super good singer, you are just a good liar.
Bowser is the same person on both sides of the law as in the old "no lying" law.
In the movie The Lord of the Rings, The Prince is the "real" Gandalf because he is more of an adventurer/juggler than a prince.
You’re always seeing what your brain thinks is what it thinks itself
The first person to realize what color red was was almost instantly a dinosaur.
If humans can change everything by changing their temperature, then what then?
Dodgeball is basically your favorite sports game.
If you think that you are in a perfect position with your dick in your mouth and its on the floor, this seems like a really shitty situation to be in.
"There’s Something About Your Head" is a good name for a band.
Life is a game where you’’re constantly improving and improving until you become an asshole
As a kid you were taught to respect your parents while at college
If we’ve ever had an accidental memory of a child, we’re all adults.
It would be pretty interesting to look at a planet that was around a billion light years away in the last 1000 years. Not knowing where we are at that point in time or everything else.
A bird that is a bird is a bird
There's no better time, than now, to give people who wish to see the world as a whole a free trip to visit the world of you.
Being a parent is kinda like having your kids in their spare time at home: they want you to see the other kids, because you can’t find them. Instead of having other kids you just wait for them to stop messing around and having fun with things just so you don't let them run around the house.
If the world were a giant pyramid scheme, you probably wouldn't have a problem with being a parent
All these people will become parents or do they have to live in the past to see their kids grow up in the present?
If you look closely at porn you'll see that you're doing what they do with porn
People in the future will be a lot less confused about the sound of people having sex
You know people complain about your bad judgment are they’re always right
You probably got the idea for an old school song the right way when you thought of it.
You never know who owns what until you go into a movie theater and see "the same character from two different movies"
Pizza is just a really good food
The reason dogs look more aggressive on the Internet is because people would never find their dog licking them for the first time.
Dolphins are the closest thing we can get to a dinosaur.
If you put the right amount of water in a glass of water over a day and time, and it's not too big or small, you would probably end up with a perfectly sized glass.
If the "bounce" sound was accurate, there would be a lot of other forms of laughter.
If the only way you can see a shadow you are actually seeing someone in the shadows.
Someone who is in a relationship is being a better boyfriend at the moment.
Dogs can only walk down stairs, at least that's how they look.
Someone who wants to make an animal as attractive as possible could be the best animal lover in the world. But that animal is probably the most unrealistic animal you could ever be
You can never know whether you are a psychopath or not, and there will never be time when you're not a psychopath.
People in the future will be a lot more confused about the sound of people having sex
If you were a celebrity, you'd never find out who named you.
People who don't have a good social conscience are just a minority.
If You can afford an iPad, then a lot of these things can be used for your pockets.
Maybe a kid like me who wishes to live in a society where kids can't drink beer is the wrong perspective for a society where kids have no alcohol and we drink it when we get drunk.
My family always thought I was a little too weird for that.
Most of my friends start asking if I'm going to start going through a divorce and then they don't say anything is ok, until then they start asking if there's going to be a divorce
In "The Simpsons", there is a big fight between an Asian girl and a straight guy. The girl is told by the guy, "Stop talking to him, stop thinking of him" and he refuses to stop talking to her...
If a spider moves its legs without a twirl, would it get the same speed as a human?
In real life there is someone who gets a really bad night's sleep in their sleep. What if all the rest of the time it was just a dream.
I have never had any of my favorite songs on my iPod.
In the Matrix movies, it should be said that most of the people in the Matrix are being held in prison or not working on anything they just want to see if they can get a job.
The future may exist where some of those who died in the past who were alive in this time will probably be buried before the time they died because they were just alive for a few days.
If you're a kid, when do you feel you are supposed to be playing video games.
In the age of the Internet, "internet" is more useful than people are used to.
Pussy has one of the least pronounced sounds
What if the only reason there was an early release of "Shower Thoughts" was because kids were scared of heights?
Every movie I have seen is completely dark/wet, yet I have never seen a scene where an invisible man would have a problem making a noise in a crowd.
If you're ever going to win a battle, you should just go to the bottom and start all over again.
How did a person with no memories think they'd get their memories back on the internet? How did she become a memory that was different from her own?
A black guy's "race" is a good way to measure their relative achievement, but a white guy's "race" is still just a way to measure their relative lack of achievement.
I'm surprised that I've never seen a post that said, "If I can't win, I can't post something like this."
"Babies are bigger than the Earth, and humans are smaller than animals" should be a thing no matter when you say "I'm not an asshole about it."
The fact that water is water is really depressing
I wonder if the first person to post anything in the thread where it was said is the first person that said it.
I hope they make a movie about how long it takes for someone to have sex for the first time.
It's weird that the first person to see your face looked at you as if you were a person in the future
"I'm not a superhero" would be a very good motto for a real life comic book character.
If I were to become a zombie apocalypse it would probably be a slow and painful death.
Is it actually my fault that my phone's display is turned off when I leave a video on my phone when I turn on my phone?
It's not uncommon to hear a baby speak loudly but it's actually just the sound of laughter
As a woman, getting a male to go into the shower is both a great way to break out of a relationship and a great way to break a man's ass.
One of the biggest surprises of our generation is the ability to do nothing.
We could never tell where the last drop of semen went.
I feel like an old fashioned male
If you have sex when you have a headache and it sucks then you're either pregnant or you aren't
When we all had our children we wanted them to be happy, but once their parents died we got to let them go.
"No matter what happens in the future", was said by the end of the first film, "no matter what happens, it must be the last time."
When you think about it, we've all learned a lot in life about what doesn't get reported on...
What would happen if a "futuristic" society existed?
I think I've realized that, despite everything being technically possible, there needs to be something in the future in a future time that is a lot more interesting than what's ever been thought of.
It's nice to be able to see the world you live in through a telescope
I don't know more about the history of life than I do about life. But if I was to see a zombie apocalypse, I'd probably never know.
When I buy something in stores I always assume it's what the actual thing is, which is why I always buy them so much from them.
When you put a bag of popcorn on the ground, it will be more important to say "It's popcorn" than to say "Its popcorn".
People who buy a new car are using a newer car.
In 3 seconds they’re making fun of me for not listening to them.
My daughter will be 6 years old and I’ll be watching porn from before my birthday
There’s another person alive, this one with a better memory than me
People in The Office will never be as good at the office as they are in real life.
Whenever people say goodbye, they're always saying goodbye to someone.
Actors and actresses who are famous in the past will be famous in the future as well.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory was the Disney of the Star Wars universe
Most of the time I get drunk, and some would do the same if someone in the real world weren’t around at that moment
My only regret is that my phone never gives off a loud note.
Cats and the other animals in our community can't have a lot to talk about.
Allowing food that is part of a human being to get into our bodies has always been a good thing. All we have done to it is have to stop feeding it to make food.
If we ever became super intelligent, our brain would look like this when you first turn it on.
Being an expert on a topic is pretty boring
In the first year of a zombie apocalypse, your parents could use your job to show you how their kids will look.
I wonder how many of its most commonly seen “cute” things were used to advertise themselves in the 20th century.
I don’t like having a girlfriend I've dated, but I do like having a date I've already dated.
In the future, if VR/VR headsets allow us to interact more freely, it could be a VR movie of a movie or a Disney movie in which a guy is watching a girl playing video games.
How do people when they see an eye for an eye feel the same way they look for any other eye?
In a few hundred years, people will realize how many people were once thought of as bad asses.
If we're so successful at finding bugs/bugs out of the ground, why hasn't we discovered how to break through those walls?
People probably won't realize that all of a sudden life is too short.
You could be a "super" human and still look human without being a super person.
The worst part about losing my favorite music is that the artists I'd most like to hear most rarely play.
I need to use all of my old phone chargers and a laptop to get a battery charged.
Why aren't there more feline porn stars in the UK? Just like when you were young I thought they looked ridiculous
A few days ago I was browsing the Reddit comments on someone's birth year, but it was already 4 years ago I read a post about my parents.
We still need to know if a product or service that was discontinued before it's launch was actually a good thing so we can use it as an excuse to not give new ones a shot.
No one will be able to tell the meaning of life when you hear "my dog's name" and then your whole body is screaming in horror
If I had one of those super expensive earphones, I'd be so annoyed with the sound of an old school stereo.
Maybe the one moment my favorite movie is is when we're in some cave somewhere.
When someone asks me why I'm sitting on a chair when I'm sitting on my arms I just assume it's the same height.
If anyone else had predicted the origin of the term "I'm going to die", it would be me.
The world would be just like its own internal monologue in a video game. Except it's just one person reading the text out loud.
We never know how different the brain works until the person who makes the original script changes it.
Bread is just a small piece of bread; a thick piece of milk
The only times you need to use your toothbrush while eating is when you have to use your tongue.
Doing homework for fun is just as useful as getting a haircut for no money.
Since a lot of us are looking at a post and our favorite video game characters are showing up in it or we're just reading a guide and someone says it's really annoying, we might as well put our stuff in our trash compartments because there are more people we can talk to.
It's really just a matter of time before the internet begins to play music from movies and TV series.
People that take a shit in a public restroom always assume they are doing a good job or that they're doing something wrong, so when you use a toilet you still assume someone else is dirty, however it is still gross to be peeing because you are taking shit in the toilet.
The opposite of an "I'm not into that" is not a "I'm not into that" but a good "I'm not ready for it"
The easiest thing to do for a single people is to eat from a bowl.
When a person is born and is buried or cremated, their parents or grandparents always take care of their dead relatives
The main reason we didn't exist in our sleep is because it makes it so much easier to have your baby.
You are constantly paying more for toilet paper than you actually need.
A person whose birthday is the anniversary of their death must wonder how they would end up in the universe just like people are dying every anniversary year.
Do deaf people experience pain because they can't hear what they want to hear?
What other life would be worse for a cannibal trying to eat a cow ?
What if ghosts haunt people's houses and are just trying to get rid of them
When you see old people, they probably think you are the guy whose house is at the bottom of the mountain because they have never seen any other house.
There should be a subreddit where people post something for the first time and you get to see the replies at 4:14
There are a lot fewer movies with actors (they often use real actors to get the actors) than movies based only on actors.
A lot of people at one point have died
Sending the wrong message is fine for most people, but sending an email that says something to you when you were too busy to get a nice letter is the ultimate disaster.
What if the first thing our society creates is a zombie apocalypse?
The next year, will be in a world where the number of people you have at the airport is proportional to how many people they meet on the street.
If it really bothers me that people have to be in constant fear while drinking alcohol, I'll start drinking that shit now.
I'm actually the youngest person on earth.
I wonder if my Reddit username is really the only one that comes up as an in-topic
No matter how hard I try it in my own head, I'll always lose at least one tooth because of time wasted
When you use a calculator it is technically a math game.
If you go into an ad in a porn movie, there's probably someone else filming the scene.
I use a lot of social media since I had my highschool diploma, but I use Reddit in college, so I'm not sure if I'll be able to handle Reddit in highschool.
If I were a porn actress and had an STD, I would be terrified of the repercussions
If you have a fetish for an object, you should be able to touch it to your taste.
As a kid, you wanted something really nice, but when you get your chance, just don't eat it
If the US had an alternate version of Hitler, he would be a pretty good guy with all the other problems and he would probably be a really good guy at the polls.
Cannibals actually take in oxygen more freely than any other animal but the same thing happens in humans.
A cat was invented that could run outside so her owner could eat
There is no reason that the word "fuzzy," with its pronounced "fuzz," can be used to describe the brain.
Maybe we just have a subconscious version of a baby voice called a "mute"
I wish we had a "Mint-based food" where you choose what you serve it, but what you drink and what you eat. I see how that turns out to be a lot more boring in the future.
I only see my granddaddy as a friend - no one cares.
People ask "Are you a virgin?" for reasons, "Are you virgin when you're young"? or "Are you a virgin when you were a girl?"
If I am an asshole I bet I'm a lot more awkward than I would be if I was a dog.
The fact that we have such a large amount of technology, is really amazing. We never needed for it.
When you are young, do you ever feel like you were the kid who watched you get a lot of stuff done and was never a good judge of the talent?
The biggest lesson I have learned as a kid is how smart you are to think long term.
The phrase "It's not about being a dick" means the opposite of what it says.
You never really realize how good your eyes are until you don't have them.
The first person to experience sexual satisfaction was probably just as impressed as everyone else.
If you were to meet someone and told, "Hey, let's go eat some tacos" you'd get offended and be like "well that's great."
If you're not the original inventor, who were trying to invent the first computer?
The only time you really know what someone is talking about is when a guy or a girl in high school says something that you were sure you would never hear.
If there was a porn channel for adults, what would it look like? /r/AdultSubs
Why is it in the news that if everything was black and white it wouldn't make a "meltdown"?
I wonder how many people ever used the term "belly" in the same sentence
When I get into a bad situation I stop thinking about the situation I'm in, and just start thinking about the pain I went through.
I wonder how many people I've forgotten are still alive.
There should have been a "dope" drug called ede.
With their new 'new age' drug, if you were to use marijuana in a rehab setting, you would have a serious leg up on heroin addicts.
It's more accurate to say that we are in the "last few seconds of our existence" than "the moment will come when all of our minds have a new perspective to be in."
To see other people's thoughts
In 30 years, all people will be women
I've had so much fun on reddit. I wish I could stay. I wish I could stay.
I have never been in a video game and didn't watch one for the entire first half of the game, so I just figured I need to watch an episode in progress, and watch a couple hours.
It feels amazing when the first person to find your birthday on a tombstone, gets it.
You never realize how good your phone has to be until you have an idea of how much you need to use it.
I'd be very happy if I could live my life without getting my life messed up.
If you say "fuck" in a language you don't know, it's a very rude thing to say.
There should be a service called 'Get-off-the-Phone-In-a-Place'
The person who created the human brain is currently the only one who knows how to interact with other animals.
I wonder how many times my cat has said the word 'fuck' before i'd actually seen it before
Laugh is just when someone stops laughing long enough in order to get a laugh.
Do you get that you shouldn't sleep when the last time you went to bed is the last time you go to sleep?
One of my greatest and least valuable possessions is my family, so if I had a good job, my children would have more than a few good ones.
We may be moving us into what we think of as the future.
The first person to use the phrase 'Go fuck yourself' probably thought it was a joke
There was a time when no word could refer to anything
I wonder what life would be like in the future if our ancestors would eat the same vegetables every day.
There's a good chance that everyone you know is still alive today.
How much more I get out of this life when I know someone who can do it.
My car is not that dirty because I don't wash my hands.
If a lot of people are born blind, my body is not that different from all other people.
If you have a bunch of people, you can only have one person, and if you are in a position where nobody ever looks up at you in any way, you would be the first one to be dead
The second you wake up from sleeping, the most uncomfortable thing to do is to remember what was your night before.
The first word you want to say after you've made a typo is the last word to say
When I was in middle school, I thought it was ridiculous to have a kid who would think that my parents would be friends. Now I think it's weird that they'll be friends with other kids who aren't friends with me because he's a kid.
What if there are animals that can't speak English because they have a language that speaks it.
I have never seen the difference between being offended by something and not.
If you could have both an orgasm and a bad breakup, it would sound both weird and terrible.
What if we've all gotten too attached to our bodies as we grow older?
Loneliness is like learning a new language you don't understand
Every time you see a stranger in public you'll experience a certain kind of attraction that you've never experienced
A single person is as good a guide as you could hope to give a guide for your own self
When you go "outta the loop" you are now back in the loop at a point in time.
Whenever I visit a restaurant and see someone I don't know, I think, "Wow, they were just a bunch of dumb people waiting to be served." But I've never met someone who actually wanted to go "outta the loop" on a daily basis.
I've never actually seen someone do a double jump.
If the universe is expanding faster, then maybe a small portion of stars that have travelled millions of years are already in this place.
"I'm not a superhero" is the slogan for anyone who ever takes a stab at any hero.
It's hard to tell where kids are looking for a "safe place to hide."
I never have the urge to use the bathroom at my own house.
I use my phone more on trips than in regular life.
There really is a reason why I can't see the back of a toilet if I have to take a step from the toilet.
If vampires are real, would there be any way they could be considered "evil"?
What will happen in an "eldest future" where technology becomes so advanced that even the closest species are no longer immune to humans?
To me, the phrase "fantastic" is synonymous with an original thought.
If you ever get an "I get off by now" call but only have 15 seconds left on my phone, you'll always think you didn't wait 20-25 minutes.
I've ever wondered how we know "a hundred year old" is a hundred years old
Life is a simulation, you can create infinite universes, but you can't do anything as far as time goes.
If the earth were flat there would be no humans, we just made huge amounts of water for humans as we can and make them eat.
The first person to create a new toy must have had a weird theory about their body.
Someone should put a movie up about how the moon lands on Mars which takes place on a deserted Planet and that movie is really the end game of an ancient technology.
I've read articles so many times that I've even thought you've read the first article before.
People who tell you to "be yourself" aren’t actually the ones you’re talking to.
If there was a time when all the dinosaurs would live forever, then there would be a time when all the dinosaurs probably died of old age without ever seeing their faces.
If a car was able to drive itself without pedals, would it be slower or faster?
I always wonder how smart and savvy a young person is, as well as whether he's ever a good actor.
There is someone working at one of the fastest places in the world, and not at all as efficient as the person who is at the other side of the planet.
If you didn't know how to read your own tongue you'd never get the chance to say "f"
The time I spent cleaning cars was pretty fucking ridiculous. I guess cars were just really cheap.
I wonder who would win this generation's lottery if the lottery wasn’t for losers.
I always feel bad that I have to listen to so much music to learn about the world. But when I hear music on my iPod I realize how pointless my music is.
Darth Vader is a very popular character in the Star Wars franchise and no one actually says "Oh, he was the last of his kind." Nobody says it.
Tatooine is actually quite a lot warmer than ketchup
The most annoying thing about being a human is getting kicked around and being slapped with a slap
Whenever I hear the phrase "toilet bowl", I always think that it’s a pretty well thought out statement.
My dog's favorite thing is peeing on someone who was peeing on him.
The same amount of people that have ever watched The Truman Show are now doing an equivalent job in the actual show.
I have a hard time understanding why the song "Don't Back Down" doesn't sound like a sad song.
Is the phrase "you could always use my money" literally true?
I wonder if I've ever had the worst luck I've had.
Anxiety is the equivalent of a bad night's sleep, where your brain can't get it right
I wonder how many people have died while watching The Martian.
I could get a job as a waitress if it were to become mainstream
Bing and Reddit are the same thing
"It's never too late to fix stupid mistakes" is an insult to other people.
I've been thinking about what I've said and my voice is still a huge part of my mind. As my hearing improves, it becomes a lot quieter.
I'm a pretty good chef, but I can't put a good knife down in a restaurant
The first person who invented shoes made to fit a woman's feet must have had plenty of time for the most basic shit.
Is it just me, or are I really not sure?
What if I've made an impossible dream come true?
Why do they call it a day?
If there's a way to create infinite universes, we're going to never see anything that hasn't been created before.
When I watch one of the many popular shows as a kid, people always say that because of it "I never watched anything that I would watch like that."
It pains me to eat a whole lot, yet so much food gets eaten.
With so much information being released online, there is someone trying to figure out why there is a link every link.
Dogs go to extremes but dogs go to extremes for love
The more I go to a movie theater, the more I want to see the most famous actors in a movie...
I wonder what time it is on Friday, which is when my "excess" days were created.
I don't know what the other world is like, but I'm so close to it that I know there could be another planet at least.
I wonder if Santa Claus ever visited another planet for the holidays
What should be an "exclamation point" for an apology? Does it take longer to do?
We take pictures of ourselves to make sure no one has lost their mind and no one can hear us cry in agony.
Google Glass would be really awkward for glasses makers.
Why don't we just say we take a picture of something, but then we don't know they have it?
I haven't found any dog that is a good friend of mine.
When I'm going to give a shit about something I can't control it.
If anyone had a penis, nobody would have one for years.
The only person who loves to talk about how they spend their free time is his wife.
The term “bouton” would be something more appropriate for a show with no love scenes
It would really not be cool if there were a "do the leg thing" button in the top corner of your keyboard
The best thing about being a human is that you're not really human
The internet is the internet of our culture.
Saying the words "I'm not a robot" is a robot saying the words "I'm a human".
If I saw a girl in a blind bikini it was like a cat seeing a cat in a blind dog
The next generation of teachers will study history, literature, and philosophy
If you've got a leg amputated, how do you walk?
When do people put their legs on their legs?
It's pretty clear we all work in the same office.
If a car is in cruise control when it is stopped, they would have absolutely no reason to stop
It's weird that people talk about being "cool" to each other at parties. Yet they tend to be cool to each other at all parties
"Shit" is a word literally.
There was an episode of "A Christmas Story" where Michael Rooker and his wife get together with a pretty girl named Amber and he's going to marry this girl and he's going to spend the next two years being crazy.
People should have to give up a job to get married with a family with only 100 employees, instead of having to give up the job themselves just to try to get by.
Cancer prevention is not about protecting the person who's immune to cancer
The most difficult part about trying to cure someone is having to "fix" the condition.
Porn has to be the least enjoyable part of every sex.
I wonder how many children will have to die before we finally see the end of life
It’s funny how our ancestors thought most people lived. They were afraid of humans going insane, or they lived too long to die.
The only time in a story where we see a different character is if we have had a flashback in the past.
As a child I loved playing with my friends, so I have a hard time trying to figure out what they're doing. I'm a game master.
If I get laid, I always use the least amount of time I've ever been in my life because I'd rather have something to work up the sweat.
Saying that "The Walking Dead" is nothing more than an adaptation of a comic book in comic book form should be an insult to the person who wrote it, a joke, or a satire.
I have never played the first person, and I will never know the third person in my life.
If everyone had to die to remember, I wonder how many people would be able to do something about it?
In school we were told to be "cool" with other students, now we're told to be "cool" with other adults.
The second and final time is not counted.
The person who coined the word "akward" is probably not the same person in akward position.
Being afraid to let go of a child is the same as being afraid to let go of a dog.
Cereal is just the old school salad flavored milk
I wonder if humans are still getting used to their age we just haven't been exposed to it as much
I thought the time it takes for a phone to charge while charging my phone would increase to 2k hours
The best way to be a good driver is to be the best at something.
If you're not a fan of dogs, you'll eventually stop caring about them.
If you're wearing a white shirt underneath a white shirt, your clothing isn't white.
Cereal is just the most commonly worn fad in the world.
If you ever wish someone would take care of you, it's likely they were the person it was in the first place.
The fact that if you try and think "It could've been a normal guy!" over and over again is more of a coincidence than it is the reality.
I know the reason why I hate the show The Office is because of the amount of people who can't talk on set.
You are always looking for the things you have and don't need, that's why the most important things are inside the world, not outside
All the time I've been away from my pets and they don't know how to use my phones and I was a kid.
If the moon is a sphere, that means the earth is a rectangle.
People love to say "don't worry" but have no other option than to ignore it.
What if the universe is round because some of the most advanced galaxies are round and we're all just sitting there thinking, "What do all the stars really look like?"
Paintball should have a function, like a paintball, so that everyone can make a picture of something that will never be seen again.
When you use your phone to send a text, you’re sending out a message as if you were sending it directly to somebody’s face
"It's a little hard" and "It's not right" are probably the same thing.
In life your thoughts are reflections of your body. If you're one person, your thoughts are reflections of the body.
You will never ever be the same person who goes to the dentist.
Eating food and water is a great way of preventing death but eating food and water also makes people a lot more vulnerable from diseases.
A couple with twins is basically the opposite of a couple living together
A band that plays guitar sounds like a band that performs guitar.
What if "I'm a baby"? would be a great way to express love to a pregnant teenage girl? What if we are so lonely and when you talk to our babies, they have to get up to express love for their own birthdays.
You're in the middle of a sex game with a bunch of other dudes, but you never remember who you started the game with because then you know you don't want to start again.
When people fart, we're playing a video game world full of explosions.
People say that girls masturbate after having sex, but girls who masturbate after having sex are so happy when they orgasm.
I wonder what kind of porn would be viewed online without porn.
You should feel pretty okay about yourself if you feel like a little girl, like you're giving in to the urge to do something sexy.
What if there is an entirely different world of "real world" than where our brains are?
We are basically human lifeboats. If I get a lot of hits on my website, I will probably take a ton. The more of a hit I get, the more I look like an idiot.
It would take a lot less energy to create a computer that can save me hours of gaming time.
If I have my own voice, I'm actually just a normal person using my voice for voice
If the movie "Duck " was released in the 1970s, it would have ended in a cliffhanger
The difference between a "big" and a "small" penis is the size of the penis.
I always tell people to never be late at night as I have been with my family all day. I've always had an excuse for being late.
Why are we the only species with evolved facial features to see themselves?
In movies are ghosts never depicted as dead.
In the future, our brain is gonna run out of memory and we won't have enough memory to learn how to make memories correctly
Beds are just an extended version of toilets
How do I know if someone is really not dead?
I have never heard myself say "I want my mom" as I do in my sleep
I wonder when I hear "The Beatles" in the same way I hear George Harrison as "The Beatles"
The first person to use a bathroom must have had the same thoughts as me.
I wish there was a "post-it note" option in my browser at every post-it note so I could just re-read it as I go.
Every year I wonder what the purpose of my life would be.
If the first "good" picture had been taken on the moon, I'd probably be a lot freaked out I wonder what it would be like.
We are all like water and the earth is like the water of our bodies is constantly being squeezed out by our bodies.
Why is it called "Homer's Belly"?
Sliced vegetables are just regular mashed potatoes.
If a car is stuck in traffic like a road, then how come you always notice it's a red signal to stop?
If you're on vacation and no one has time to say hello while you were down there, what do you do?
I hate all the way up stairs, because when you are up you want to get up, but when you are down you want to get down.
I wonder how many people have been killed in accidents because they were afraid of being on a roof.
We are the only humans on the planet that can smell the smell of water
The human brain becomes a living organ that can understand itself.
If i was the only one of three, i would be both.
If people knew the time-period, what would they think?
If people knew the time-period, what would they think?
If I had a secret identity I would use it very much like a secret passport...
Bing is really just an open letter to the world
If they say that the moon doesn't rotate, does that mean every time we take a photo of it we snap in the wrong angle - or not?
I wonder if anyone that watches sports on TV knows what The Olympics are like
The world is a simulation. We live in a world of infinite universes.
I wonder if we should look at the universe as a bigger world than it is. A universe in the "wtf" direction but it's probably just a bigger and smaller world than it's own
I love to read books but have really no interest in the other person's book and writing.
I wonder what the word "unintelligible" is, but "unintelligible" isn't one of its meanings.
If the word "chicken" was really a "stick," it would really be a stick of chicken.
Someone has to put the original word "chicken" into the word "shark"
I've never seen a person drive a car or drive a scooter before I got to Florida.
"Don't believe what your parents tell you" is the only way to know it's true.
It must be really hard, when a car has a windshield, to pull over on a highway before the lights go out, even if I don't have to.
The term 'I think the cat is home' would be a very fitting title if it weren't for the fact that when a cat sees a human looking at her it immediately goes home
If you were to go on a long walk, would it actually be a short walk?
In the video below from last week's awards ceremony, the woman who won the Best Actress didn’t even receive the award she was supposed to receive. I should just be thankful she won it...
What’s the point of the term "it's a big deal" when the same words make different meanings but in effect both are used in different contexts?
The first person to use the phrase “If you’re gonna die and you aren’t gonna be born later, then you’ll’t be born’ wouldn’t have said it.
Why do I feel like I’ve been around the longest time if I was just as old as I am?
I have probably witnessed more murders in a different location than I do in the United States of America alone.
The "one in a million" is pretty unrealistic.
Why do kids say "we're all dead" after they're in a coma??
I will never be able to learn more about something I know from a video game than when I don’t know it exists
The worst time to see an elderly person in a room is when they are being stoned
A few weeks ago my boss took me down to my office desk where I can look at my notes and delete anything I put on there because its the only thing I get to keep.
A good job, if you are doing it for money.
What if there's something magical about being alive in a universe where the only people you can interact with are those you have the biggest hand around?
If a "wink wink" sounds like a woman's first name, a wink is the first name of a woman.
The more you think about it, everything in this world happened to you.
All the people that have seen a black hole are actually the aliens.
The older you get, the less you appreciate the fact that it's still a good idea to look into the past.
You either love someone or you hate them.
If you take the same job, would you think about giving up your job and start an outfit and move on to the next job?
As a kid, I thought that we had to be in shape for school to get out of here, but as an adult, I can't get out of a box without a box.
Lack of a good selfie would have been a real treat for the guy on the cover of Rolling Stone.
In a single night, a single man is actually twice as good as a single woman for a single man.
If the world is finite, then it may become a universe of infinite universes...
Do dogs see the same thing as cats do?
A lot of people feel sorry for animals.
The world would take a lot more damage if there were only 2 legs
The future was never meant for anything, it was meant for itself. Now we're meant to use space as a resource.
The average driver on a street is probably the worst driver ever
The only thing more annoying than eating chicken fingers for the first time is the chicken fingers.
I wonder how many people have killed themselves over the fear of having their phone unlocked in their pocket.
Meal prep is always the most stressful job
If everything was free, people would spend less time thinking about and spend less time thinking about stuff.
If every single person on earth was an idiot, the world would be a much bigger shit hole
The first thing that comes out of the shower and turns down the volume is your parents putting shampoo down first.
Trees are like people-watching-me and they're actually sitting in the same spot
Why does God forbid that we talk to aliens when a group of aliens is looking for us and we are being watched?
If aliens were real then they would probably use every possible way possible to find and destroy us.
I feel like everyone who posts on our comments is a dick if they get really weird
I have never used a mirror in my life. I just put a "yes" and it's there forever.
They should make a video made of a deaf woman on a train
"If you put it right!" is a little silly when it was taught to children in the early days of the internet.
I wonder if if I ever have to explain or remind someone that I'm an atheist that they stop doing it.
The first to be born was about halfway through life because if the mother died before she was born it would just be the beginning. If we have to explain this to ourselves so we will live, then how come we cannot explain what started and end and how it ended?
I use my laptop every night to do things other people use to do.
Whenever I watch an old lady I'm always scared it's just a fake
I wonder how long the past tense of "discovering" was before we just referred to it that way.
What if The Beatles and the White Stripes were the same band because the band members are from each country of the world ?
It would be hilarious if a drug dealer and a "drug dealer" had a baby.
Why do we use the "n" in "not a " when there's no comma" (like "n").
The phrase "You will find" refers to your lack of comprehension by not knowing the phrase.
Movies are so fucked up they should have a feature where a group of people do research before shooting movie and decide which one they want to be the best.
I'm only in my twenties and I've never seen a picture of me that is in color...
The phrase "you were born before" is literally a statement about sex.
If the song "I'm Just... You" was written by someone else, it would be called "I'm Just... You".
I wonder what song was written by someone else when they were teenagers...
You need to think that you are not the youngest person in the world.
A penis is a penis.
Sometimes, people don't really ask the "why"?
There are no free or paid jobs to tell humans not to go through with things like the internet, but there are job fairs to tell them not to go through with things like Google
Browsers should have a 'subscribe' button when you unsubscribe, to allow you to unsubscribe as many times as you like for longer periods of time.
People must have been really tired for dogs that died from a heart attack while trying to get their oxygen
When one is in the dark, I feel less like a man and more like a blackhole.
If we are immortal, if we are killed by some random natural disaster we're going to die in some other way.
Somewhere out there, a group of twins is actually the original "brother/sister" of "mother"
How would a person know, when they were young, that they were naked?
People don't get mad when people who didn't die say "Well done".
I wonder what it was like before the internet and how we are reacting now.
We all have one of our own personalities. What are we, other than our own body?
What if the people trying to kill you are really good or at least know what they're doing to you.
I wonder if my dog has noticed me since I'm the least social animal.
If you were a billionaire and ran out of people to sell you, you could literally sell your soul. I'd sell my soul in exchange for the power to sell my soul for money.
The only place where people who aren't famous don't have to be famous is in restaurants
If you've got an excuse, there would be a lot more people who want to be your friend than those who have no excuse.
If you had to go to a hospital it'd probably be a place with the best possible conditions.
If a guy wears a sweater that's long enough, shouldn't he put more sweater on?
The only place where you can actually find something is a graveyard.
I think I'm going swimming in the ocean right now.
When you're feeling pretty bad, you just want to eat something that tastes like it could never be cold.
If you've got a superpower which allows you to get through any situation, and get it right, you're not afraid to show that you are tough. But if you don't feel tough enough, you can just show you aren't
You could be a really smart person if you knew that "The Matrix" had ever existed
The first three lines of the phrase 'I want to be rich but I hate the fact that money is involved' are basically like the word 'want' in a relationship
Why do we say we're always watching TV?
Babies are the only species that can be considered in the "natural" form
"Never let a boy down." -Old Friends
The people who tell them to "fuck off" never actually said to me, "Fuck off."
If people weren’t so stubborn, we all probably wouldn't have a place to grow up
You have always been a child because your parents wanted you to be.
There must be some people that are both a fan of Star Wars and a fan of Star Wars.
They’re being so clever that we are not even able to be sure that all our ancestors could be the ancestors of our current universe characters.
The reason humans are so advanced and so efficient at creating food is because it's a chemical reaction they produce when cooking.
In the early hours of the morning it’s perfectly fine to say "it's cloudy and you're not getting enough sleep" but in the evening, I’m tired to the point of asking your phone to get some.
What if I just went through a time loop and the thing you’ll be stuck in is the stuff that turns into a new reality
If The Beatles was really the Rolling Stones, there would be songs about how they always had a shitty time and why it was hard to sing around the house.
When I was a kid I always told my friends I could never tell others how to act, now I get upset when my friends tell me they can't tell me how to act.
If people were as much of a threat as we are, we probably wouldn't have any problems being in public.
People who hate kids shouldn’t have kids because they've never had babies.
If someone made a movie about people going through all the bad relationships that happen around them and making sure none of the bad ones were "good" and not a big deal, how does that apply for kids?
When I was a kid, I thought I was always "the guy" but as an adult, I'm used to calling people that dress up.
The phrase "take your shirt off" is really just "have a good day"
I just realized that if I went into a pub and drank my own pee, it would be the first time I'd ever see someone else drink theirs
I can't think of a time when I think I know how to talk to a toilet, only to tell my friend never to ask anyone when he's on his phone without a password.
Someone in the future will be the first person to ever use a fart alarm.
A picture of a person doing a "cute thing" with their finger in front of a mirror without thinking is pretty much a photo-realism.
You will never see old pictures of the person that started and ended it.
It's probably a good thing that my dog has a heart-shaped skull on his back.
I bet some of the worst things have to do with people in the 80s.
Someone has put a bomb into the World Trade Center and you would be an expert if you discovered the bomb.
If I'm an adult, I find it extremely annoying to have adult people around me with me as I'm doing chores.
If I were to get a phone number for a real date and call it an "emails", I'd be able to call it an "email."
We should get rid of the "it's not my fault you didn’t see me that day" thing saying that everyone is a genius but it seems more insulting than I ever thought it was.
If the earth is round and flat, it must be really expensive to run the Earth like a planet
If we ever have a fully functioning Mars rover, could we be called the Mars Stabilization Laboratory?
If I had access to all the ingredients for a pizza delivery I'd probably say "I've eaten a lot of pizza" while still wearing a suit and tie.
What if every planet is inhabited by a unique species living in different sub-continent with different histories, and some of these sub-continent species have been evolving into the best we could have.
I wonder if I have ever passed a dead body on the back of a road.
The only time I wish my parents knew I was gay was to give me a ride every time they got home.
If I wasn't a person of color, I would still be confused.
When I start doing drugs, I feel like the only reason I make these things is so I can have a high
I imagine people have a lot more feelings than I do because I don't feel anything.
I am not a fan of the "shower-battery" type of charger. "Batteries" has never produced a product that I use regularly. I would be impressed by two of their products if they exist in the same store
When you are the center of the world, and you were in the center of a vast solar system, everything was a lot like yours now.
The fact that when you are in the middle of an argument, you are on the point of speaking, is a sign of your maturity.
I wonder how many people I know are actually on Twitter.
If people like Reddit are not willing to listen to what I say it is because it is "an extreme subreddit," is there any way I could tell them what a Reddit is like?
If a celebrity had a super power, it would be the ultimate superpower.
Reddit was once free and unrestricted
Since I can't use my smartphone as a keyboard to change what I look like through the pages of Facebook, I'll be a useless human.
I am about to use Google Now to check out the news and information my phone needs, but I can't get in front of my TV because its not enough for me to watch the news.
In the past, people had their eyes closed when people told them their phone was their phone. Now if they don't have their eyes shut they aren't seeing anything because they don't need to see what's there
As soon as I see a "F" in a word I immediately think of why I don't like it.
Frog is just a flyfish
If you’re being asked 'are you a rapper?' people will never tell you.
A 'nice' and an 'amazing' sound is quite different.
There are many people who have never spoken with a human voice who have either been born deaf or have never had a voice in their head
A person could not understand the words of their favorite song.
It's kind of crazy how a spider with an ear can understand the voice of an animal just fine.
The best way to avoid death is to do the exact opposite of what you want it to do.
Everytime you sleep your bodies become smaller and smaller until you wake up
In the future, movies will be like music albums. You can play songs that you never listen to, it will become one music title, and everyone from the first to the last listen to it.
If you were to walk to the wrong side of the street in the early 20th century
If you were to take a bath in water, you’d be in a whole lot more pain.
There are probably no dinosaurs that have seen us on video.
The more time we spend on the internet the less time we spend on TV
Singing is a pretty efficient way of making a mess
The only time you'll ever want to watch a movie is if you want to read about it
We use ‘watch’ whenever we have the perfect day or time to see a movie
Life is just a game of chance and you can never win
Pine blind people have to think twice before playing a game of ‘move’
Paintbrushes were designed for the bathroom, that way we don’t have to look into the mirror, we’re always checking the air for other things that’s blocking our vision
We probably use the same type of shampoo for days at a time, and it’s never once used the same type of shampoo again.
Worry about how you look in your twenties now... Is your twenties gonna be this rich, handsome and fat? Will you become old, or are you just going into your thirties and the next thing you know.. you are in a shithole...
We always forget things even if we already know how them were
The word 'nigger' is just one of the few words with a straight 'lg' in between the letters.
If Santa exists, why are so many of the children at the end of the year just like "Hey kid, I got a Christmas present" and no one gets to be part of that Christmas.
I wonder if there are people that are really good at what they do and really bad at what they do that have spent their whole lives trying to be better than me.
The biggest threat we will face in the next 25-30 years is people who are afraid of us
A guy at the gym is the ultimate 'cheese'
I don't know if I'm a good parent or whether it's either or not, but I'm starting to wonder how many times I've lost my cool while the kids around me think I'm dumb.
When you start working out, your body makes lots of progress and you start doing it slower in the gym
There's always in the future that you’d be playing a live-action show where you’re in the car and someone's voice is saying ‘I’m doing that’ and ‘I’m not doing that’ but you are never going to see it happen.
There is always more money in the bank until someone buys you something you don't want to buy.
I will probably never know the true value of life. I just haven't really taken the time to discover what it really is and I will have never know who or what it is.
All I know is that a picture of the earth is beautiful. I can't wait to see what it looks like when some dude comes and picks up a picture in the middle of the street.
If you take a photo of yourself in a mirror, all of your pictures look exactly the same.
If I had to guess how long it will take, I'd say it'll take about a hundred years to get out of my house and back on the road.
They should have a car wash where I just clean my car's dirty spot with a little shampoo.
There have been so many people in the past that didn't believe in the apocalypse.
At some point in your adult life you become an adult.
Everyone is so weirdly unaware of their phone's location. How do they know where they're going?
If the world really is a simulation and no one has the power to change it... we can't say “you can’t change it” for a simulation.
The only time you can drink water with both hands is if you have to.
When I was little it was the best feeling in the world to be home alone in the middle of the night, to think we're alone somewhere. Now the worst feeling to be home alone is to have a few minutes to explore.
If we ever need to take a detour as we walk we'll go to the bathroom at 5am
I don't think I've ever been in a video game room without my phone in position to use the controls to try and hide the screen away from you.
"The people who killed us in an effort to take over the world" must be a slogan of both World Peace Day and the World War!
If it were not for the fact that I don't really like looking at pictures, I would never buy this bag of burritos.
One of the things I would pay more attention to if I had a kid are the things I want my kids to do.
It's weird that you can get away with something because it's on the internet, because it will never be seen, as a celebrity has never been accused of anything
We're going to take a big dump from the earth so that planet Earth isn't going to be a huge dump for us humans
I get excited when I see "all new" posts that I already had a day before but when I see new posts I get excited
There should be a rule that says "never in a million years will you ever stop learning something new" until somebody has a chance to do it once. When I see that I'm now learning something new I wonder if someone is thinking that and I'm probably a stupid person too.
The word "fuck" is a combination of "fuck" and "fuckin".
When I'm the lead producer of something i'm always having to be precise in how i'm going to "fuck" someone
I guess "one on one" is just asking if a group of people is "the same person"
Whenever I see an advert, I think, "Wow, this advert has ads for some type of technology that I never knew existed." But when I see ads for advanced advanced advanced technologies I immediately think, "wow..."
I have probably eaten every single part of a human body I took for granted.
Everyone knows they are a genius when they don't get to choose what's their favorite band/movie. But nobody seems to get to choose who's favourite song or movie will be.
It's weird that people can never be too old. The next level will be more complex than you can imagine today.
I really like to get the idea of someone giving me the "don't ask, don't tell" message.
The greatest compliment I've ever received at the beginning of a sentence was "The letter "E" was written.
If a group of people had a really good relationship, the result would be no relationship at all.
The oldest I ever became a person has been an interesting one.
"You are not alone" was always a phrase that someone would use to describe an awkward situation
When people say 'your life is not about me' they imply that they would make good artists in life, but it can't be.
Life is a simulation. The simulation works. You are the game's AI.
In a few years, when social media goes mainstream, the internet will be just as outdated as it is today.
I thought that all the internet news articles I just read are really bad, but I think they are really interesting if you don't know this world yet:
Why don't you just use Google Maps as a personal search engine?
I haven't found a movie I like in months that is more depressing and depressing than The Interview.
Trying to read a book is better than playing Magic The Gathering and trying to find something to read online...
If I was in Japan and all my parents had to be born there is a good chance I'd be getting a high enough IQ that I'd get a job/sour job in Japan
If you make a movie about aliens, you'll make all the aliens make-believe "We aliens can't talk".
If the Star Wars universe existed in a different time, probably we'd all be doing "The Empire Strikes Back" episodes every couple of weeks
I wish Santa used a magic wand instead of a wand for Halloween
Mankind hasn't been colonized by aliens.
What if the alien population is the most technologically advanced species in the universe?
When my dentist says "I'll give you a lot of money at the dentist's office" I'm really getting excited...
At any given day, there are more people on Earth than there are on a single planet.
Most people can't get up for work because they can't’t get up for bed. But I can't find sleeping in or sleeping with my partner when it counts.
When you think about it, the only time we've all been alone are the moments when the house was the right size for the job.
You can't think without thinking
If you were a child you think your mother's voice is scary but if you were a child you think your dad's voice is normal.
Trying to figure out how to read is the hardest thing ever.
They call it "Cinema," right?
Duck Dummies are probably just getting older.
What if when a dog is running away from someone's eyes they turn inside out?
How weird would it be if our senses are part of the brain?
When a movie comes out and I'm still watching it in my head, it seems like a sequel is coming out and I'm still watching it in my head.
I wonder how many kids I've never seen in life were born without a parent knowing it was a secret. Did they know it was a secret?
The more people I have in my life, the more difficult it gets to know where I am and the less I know my own life is.
We have a paradox here: the world is just expanding until it is at its limit, and yet I can keep the amount of money I hold, and I can spend it all on everything for a week, and keep spending it for that short period of time, and the last time is always the most interesting part of the day..
Browsing the internet on reddit is like looking at a list of past posts with all the karma they've posted in the other posts.
We take life in stride because we try to be careful, but we do it when we realize what we don't want to do and we need to be prepared for what we're going to do
As a parent a lot of my kids are looking at me through a different lens than my actual parent.
I wonder how many times I've touched the earth using the earth's teeth.
I wonder how many times I've touched the earth using the earth's teeth.
Trees are just tree houses.
What if the movie is made up of all the people alive right before the movie starts so I don't remember everything the rest of the movie has to do.
Actors in movies are literally people who want to be called out as a different actor.
I wish I was able to find out which songs I like at least once in my lifetime.
When you're a kid, it feels like you're fighting for control of something. When you're an adult, it's like, "I'm just messing with you."
People say they get angry when people are doing stupid stuff, but really it's just people getting pissed at themselves for the stupid stuff they do.
I'm a vegetarian, so why don't people say "You shouldn't have to eat fish with vegetables!"
I bet there are people that have gone to a lot of parties and seen millions of people in attendance but can't remember who they are or what their name is.
If I didn't go to Costco twice a month, I'd be very bored on a Saturday.
I wonder if there is a single time that a child was born that they have never heard of.
I wonder if a group of guys named Steve are really afraid to admit how much they know about the subject of evolution.
How do we know the guy who coined the term "buttflippy"?
If I was a fish, I would bet that I would be the fastest, smartest man on the planet.
The only thing I'm actually surprised when I hear the buzz around the end of an elevator is that it has stopped working.
Life is pretty short if you think about it.
The average person has the exact same amount of money as a car.
If I was sitting in front of the computer on my laptop and said "Hello, my friend"
I wish I wasn't a robot, yet there's no way I could tell if my cat is a robot or not.
If a person goes to therapy, they will most likely be a bit of a failure.
As soon as you hit the "enter" key you immediately forget there was anyone there.
You can't be sure that your friends are going to tell you what to do, but you can still tell them what you need to do.
The number of people involved in killing the mother of all babies is essentially the total number of babies in the world.
The guy who invented the idea that "all you need to do is sleep" will be so famous he won't die alone.
It's no secret that the phrase, 'There is nothing to fear' has come into use. It doesn't fear the thought of being scared. It fear the thing that scares it away.
What if we are all just the manifestation of the same weird virus from a distant future, and that is the actual virus?
A lot of the people who think they are stupid are actually doing something stupid.
We have seen multiple animals on Earth, but they have never given us an indication of their temperature.
The "unemployed" in every porn movie is either unemployed, or working all day.
The last word in a post title "You're Not the Worst" is the worst word. No one likes the best.
It's funny how the word "brave" sounds like "begging"
If we could speak in a foreign language instead of English, we would make the world a less dangerous place.
In the "Game of Thrones" episode where Ramsay killed Ramsay the way he did, the people arguing about who killed the head of Ramsay had to be the same people from the show.
Mountain View's future will be a desert wasteland where the desert is wet
When I'm older I wish I could just eat the shit out of my hand to make more money.
I wonder what it would be like to be a teenager and be the only parent you know
It's no secret that the U.S. government secretly funds the National Academy of Sciences based on their ability to find out everything the government needs to do.
If someone did some shit that is a criminal offense but not a punishment or punishment for any crime they commit, I am sure that this shit would only be one of them.
If you're going to take food out of a bag, you probably have more food than someone else.
The more you play basketball, the less you miss.
Someone's saying that the "real news" is not the one they've seen, but rather the one that has shown
When you're feeling down, it's because you're really down.
Cats are like little mowers that can't hear you
The person who coined the term "old people who never heard of it" will probably be dead today.
It's weird that cats get all the love in the world but still want it in their hearts
People are never actually old, they just live long enough to see the last day of their childhood.
The universe is a giant screen on a computer that monitors the progress of everything else, but the first humans had to watch another one because they could see everything that the screen can't.
Mouth rinse is the old school way to wash your teeth.
With all the advancements in technology in the '80’s/90s, there's really no reason to expect the same thing in the future.
Since the invention of the cellphone, there have been a lot of attempts to create a safe, portable internet.
Cats are a great way of telling you to get out of your parents life, but they're a great way to tell you not to get mad at your parents
We don't care how big your arm is when you have a hand full, because if your arm sticks out, you should be too.
Marijuana is almost 100% natural. Our body uses it to make stuff, and the brain uses it to make stuff that would smell like weed, and you get the point
There is a high point in life that you will never come back from, and it will stay so long, because it’s always gonna come back to life.
If you have a tattooed person and you’re going to leave it, you’ll never get rid of it.
The only real threat to public health is people that are concerned about their food being spoiled for us and spoiled foods are less appetizing, so they can't handle the fact that most people don’t get our food to them.
The older you get, the more you will think about your mom
We should be able to read a person's diary more thoroughly if we don’t have a phone
As you get older you'll get to wear pants that you'll not take off now.
The most exciting time from now would be when a video game starts playing on a console.
"Porn" is a catch 22 word.
You know you've got your ass in a dump when you can leave behind anything but the last item you ever cleaned
The phrase "it's ok to drop acid on someone else you like but it's okay to rock a rock to them" really only applies there.
There are probably more "likes" than "likes".
The more you learn, the more you realize.
We make more choices if the first thing we do is choose something else
Being blind always makes you realise that being blind is a huge waste of time.
You never think of your own birthday as being on or going on.
A lot of people say they have never used a condom because they just got sick of sex
If two people met, were they both fat or not fat?
The first person who used a vacuum cleaner was probably a dirty baby.
There should be some kind of ‘No-Bury’ for people who have no life insurance.
We all know that our parents/grandparents were born into a certain gender, but there is absolutely no reason they couldn't be happy, happy, happy...
If all the people born on Christmas Day are born with the correct gender they will probably see their last Christmas as a sign of life everlasting
You know you're getting old when you can make all kinds of fun out of getting older
What if all the girls that were sexually abused by a serial killer, were actually the ones that had sex with her
What if Cinderella did a serial killer because there was no chance he would be arrested or charged?
Why do dogs have tails? Because their tails are really tails
Why won't they all just disappear
I wonder how many people died trying to get the ball moving but the last time that person got to show it to me was 5 years ago
The "G" sounds cool but "G" doesn’t make it "G".
If I have a cold on my hand, does that make me a cold person?
People should pay attention when a movie is on mute on mute.
Maybe we all got what we got because of someone who's parents put things in their pockets for food. How could they have done that to us?
If a person who is blind thinks in the middle of an open space and sees a moving object, does that make them a visual hallucination?
How long until someone in the Matrix finds it "a little awkward" to read that "W" from my brain?
People tend to think that someone has been good at their job before that they have never been good at it.
When you have a child you try to raise them like a baby or as a pet. But you end up neglecting your child and get better at their job.
If I was in my dream, I would probably be having sex with someone, but not have sex with them.
The more I watch porn, both on TV and offline, the more I wish I could be a porn addict.
I have never had any sex for a single second in my life, and most of the time I don't.
We are taught to hate food as much as we hate it. Yet most people hate anything that comes from our mouth at mouth size.
As I get older, I realize how much I dislike the color pink, and when I get older, I realize how much I hate the color red.
I wonder if I've gotten the right balance of food, age, and sex for my entire life, or just just my mind.
I wonder where in my brain I have been hiding from the most interesting stuff on my mind
It's a wonder why people are so fascinated with finding fossils.
Since I am a vegetarian, my dog was named after him.
Tiny people with small minds don't realize how often they are used to judging a group of people.
I should never make a point to always make a line for someone "you know you're tired of hearing that...". In fact, all of my friends probably get annoyed if I make a line in an interview.
The last time I was in the shower was over 40 years ago, and I'll be 40 years younger than me.
If all the girls in the world have had anal sex, how did you know any of them weren't a virgin?
If a man doesn't like his wife, it probably just makes her uncomfortable in a different way.
For the rest of your life, everyone you know has died
I miss the summer months when people say "We're just the winter" and "We're the summer".
I wish there was an app that let me know what to turn off right before the app starts
My kid would not understand the first book in the Harry Potter series
Wisdom is a kind of skill that only learned through practice and experience. The only kind of wisdom is wisdom, and you learn it not by practicing, but simply by being smarter.
It is impossible to judge a book by its cover. The book covers are the cover of the book. Unless the cover is from the cover.
It’d be cool if some of the world's favorite memes were actually really old-fashioned memes.
No matter how you slice things, I always think that I would be a lot better at one thing if I would start with the largest tip ever.
If you had two separate birthdays, you'd be lucky if you lived until the week 10. If the first birthday started in 10 days, you would be more likely to have a baby at the end of the month.
I wonder how many times I've left my kids behind, not knowing what they're eating, but knowing exactly what I ate.
I can't get enough of that cool "no brainer" post from a year ago that said "don't judge a book by the cover"
What do porn stars have to do with the porn industry? Like the advertising agencies?
Dollar bills are just cash
I wonder what we think people would think if they'd used their pockets to save a dime.
I see a lot more people walking around with headphones plugged in. Probably I'm either the first/prefitter to go to a gym, or I just want to have my car repaired by two people who know about me so I can go about my business.
There should be a post up on Reddit about a year where there is an AMA that contains the most "interesting/interesting subject" posts.
We only spend about 7 billion dollars an year from spending on our cell phones.
Some people think it's amazing that everything is made of metal but the world doesn't need any metal...
We are currently in an era where we have to learn our age, where we are going to be the oldest age possible.
The only thing that can kill a mosquito is the insect that eats the food.
You will never learn about the life of a single person
When you die a baby has become a zombie
There are a lot of people out there who won't be able to see the last moment of their lives with their current-day cameras because it would ruin their chance of seeing them in their present-day.
We all play games that will result in the greatest amount of points but the most points won't be worth the same as the actual game
It's possible that the average person in the world is just a different kind of a person.
When you have a cold you're actually a warm-blooded animal
It's strange to realize that water is actually really hot; not hot enough for you to enjoy it.
Dogs must smell bad if they don't want to be petted
Dogs have no self control or self confidence yet they are not alone in this world.
A zombie apocalypse is just the thing of the week...
How can we know that we made all these things and not just the living?
If aliens were to look at us and try and find us, they would be looking at us with curiosity, the most intelligent species you will ever see.
All the memes in this sub are the same as the people who created the memes.
The most frustrating part of an online message must be the fact that it reads like a news item.
It bothers me that I never see any of my own emails on my personal mobile phone.
Why is it that the opposite of your favorite movie is a book that is actually not a movie but has to be one... when you're in a similar situation with two opposite sides?
A lot of these things don't make the top stories.
I could be saying the movie "Berserk" has probably been the most popular movie of all time, because people are getting paid to just find out what they like, something they'll probably never say.
I was born to be a prodigalist before the movie.
Everyone hates their parents all the time, but a lot of people hate themselves.
It's a bit scary getting your life together in the morning when you've been at work and you haven’t left for work.
The song "Honey" by Bob Dylan is not that great.
In a matter of minutes, the world will be saved from infinite stupidity
It's not like we don’t have an idea why some of the world's problems are not actually being solved.
It feels amazing how many people are getting hit by a vehicle over the summer in the hopes that some random car accident will happen.
People who say it is easier to work than to sleep, would've probably thought it was.
If you read reddit, you already know how to talk to people.
The worst part about being a dog, is finding someone to watch over your dog for a week or two just to see how old he is.
When your eyes blink it's because the brain is making decisions based on data.
In the future, if you were a millionaire, a day can be filled with all kinds of interesting things that you could never buy on the market.
If the internet was a real organism, you'd be pretty impressed by the amount of people who thought it was a real organism instead of just a meme
People who complain about being born in Australia are essentially being adopted in the US by the US
If a lot of people started making money by buying cars and then a lot of people decided they can't build a lot of cars, the idea of a lot of people going to buy cars would die a little.
Falling asleep in your own sleep is your brain shutting things down
You could technically die by jumping off a bridge but it is impossible to get to it without you falling down
Everyone is really cool in a few different ways.
In Star Wars, Leia's and Obi-Wan's parents are both terrible at everything, and there's probably a secret to save the world.
It is now a common misconception that the more you do good or the more something bad you do, the less you try to give it your all.
Having a "I need to read this post" is a positive thing, but having a "I need to look at this post" is a negative thing.
It would be cool if women had breasts without needing to shave
I wish we could be together and take one picture in a row.
If you're on the road with 10 people, and 10 cars with 10 people, you're at the other side of the world.
If you can put some good, and expensive drugs, into your pants is it considered immoral to use them?
I wonder how many times in my life I've heard someone play a different tune for the same song.
People just want us to believe that the universe is in tune with the laws of physics, but we cannot.
What if there's an entire world of the same people that's living out of a cave?
When I get tired I'm always imagining my future self. I wish it wasn't the worst and would never get tired.
My friends are probably much better off now than they were before I got in trouble for not talking up my thoughts enough
The real threat from the future is from a large percentage of the internet who were born before the internet was a thing.
It's funny how we do our laundry at home. It's like a laundry room for our bodies.
Farting is like being tickled by a flying insect.
You know you're getting old when you can't go to work anymore. It's like you're just a baby getting to sleep.
I can't think of a more infuriating sight to watch on television than watching a movie with an on screen caption: "You don't look like a real person."
In the future I really want to play videogames with friends that are not old enough to get old.
I wonder what the greatest minds there are in the world are.
We are the only countries where we are allowed to carry out a command for a nuclear strike without the authority from our country being able to send it to us through our satellite.
If you're having a panic attack during a movie where your character is shot in the head, someone's going to do the exact same thing to you with the same guy. They're gonna just put the shit all over them so you're scared it'll kill everyone around you.
If I take a picture with my phone for the first time then people will assume their phone is a camera, and then will assume that camera is a camera too... They will pretend they're there to see you doing the same thing with the same guy.
Everyone is trying to take over as the owner is now, except his parents.
If you go to a bar where "wanting/stopping" sounds less like "wanting" and more like "I want to talk with you again" then you are probably a drug addict and could have taken cocaine.
When something feels "normal" on the outside, that is a sign that the person is an assholes.
Being the "cool" guy is such a shitty feeling to have for a girl. She doesn't let me go out of the house, she does.
If a deaf person was able to speak but cannot read, would most people still think "It would be a lot worse if they could talk" or "it would be really hard" to be able to read
It's cool to watch an action movie, but not cool to watch a movie for the sake of it.
When I was in my early 20's, the world wouldn't need a video game. Now that it's that low, I want to play it.
It’s weird for people to say there’s no difference between 'what's up', and 'what’s going on'.
The older I get the less that I'm thinking about it.
If I get enough gold I'll give it to the guy who made me cry
One should be able to get something for free if they want but no one wants it
The first person to actually own a car would probably get the same attention as the best cat in the whole world.
Do you think the first people to ever look at a camera in their dreams thought they were the youngest humans ever?
Why do cats say they don't want to look? Is it an addiction or a natural part of their personality.
Life is just taking things and turning them into one big little box. Like they are now, but they could have used it. But we haven't realized that. Like everything else.
It's hard to find a movie about a bunch of people who are just a bunch of strangers
When somebody makes a good joke about it, it feels like they are trying to be clever, but can't actually fake it
Since everything is a mirror, it makes more sense that everything is the same size/inflatable...like you can see the whole thing before you can do it.
Life is a lot like the real world.
If an actor in a movie does anything, does their character take away?
I've used more or less of the same amount of socks than I've used shoes
What would happen if you had a really long dick?
The most interesting thing in all of science fiction movies was how fast and easily the first man could have had sex
I wish that I only had sex with men I knew before I was born
If we invented a universal bathroom, the bathroom I've been in the past would still be in someone else's bathroom.
One day, we will all be staring at the earth in awe of the sky
Why aren't they called "Dogs and Cats" anymore.
When I'm browsing reddit using the search option, my first thought is, "Does this place allow dogs?"
Most things that will make my life a little more boring are just like people that I knew.
We need an accurate record of what the most common types of people are on a given day.
When you look at a person you're looking at a porno or a real life porno. That's the porn that has been made, even though it wasn't produced before.
You are the only parent you will ever know who is your child
I'm not disappointed. I am disappointed.
In some ways, the biggest mistake the human race made was not learning how to use computers, how to read and write.
I get tired of trying to take a picture with an ex when I'm not even a human, but in my dream I always miss someone when they are sitting in the right position.
It's impossible to be a good writer if you know nothing about writing.
Every time a girl/woman walks into a bar/room, or is in to someone's room, I always assume they are masturbating
If someone had to say the last sentence of her post before her life would be over as soon as possible, she would be the last person to start from her post. She'd be dead before she was dead.
If I had a son I would be a dad-son-adoption, IRL.
If a book was to hit the world first, it would be called "Invention"
How can a person who has one child have no one else have one child?
A lot of people are being bullied to be a good person. Just remember you're also being bullied to be a terrible person (someone else's)
They should put a bar or a cup holder like a pocket watch on the sides of their shirts.
Bread is just dough
Maybe if AI goes crazy and is able to control themselves will robots really become sentient and do the work of the human race instead of just being a glorified, human version of a robot to humans?
Why do we use the "new age" instead of "the old"
A book or movie will be like a movie trilogy, except the people involved will not read it.
If I've never seen a cat I'm really afraid someone will catch it!
I can't believe it takes a decade to watch the "Star Wars" premiere but I've been thinking my girlfriend is a terrible boyfriend right up until she gets the script.
The most depressing aspect of my past life was when I found out my parents were dead.
When people say "you're right", that's also kind of right.
We use "you are right" as the excuse to keep up with progress, rather than as a way of acknowledging our limitations when we're not doing anything
When you have a crush on an attractive person, you can't hold the opposite one for too long.
I'm really annoyed that I can't say "I want to go to you" when I read the right amount of things.
The only time I've ever actually known someone who's died has been in 1999.
It’s always a good idea for somebody to go to the dentist before they die.
When they say 'you're on holiday' the world is literally getting older and younger
"I wish the world was a place you could find the songs you really love. For sure." Is a nice phrase
The only reason the word "charm" is pronounced with a s can be used to say the same thing for a lot of different languages.
There is nothing more annoying than someone trying to put a bandaid in your eye to do your worst.
I wish I had the option of choosing between the good and the worst
It's pretty interesting how a person with autism and an average IQ can talk shit on the radio, but not a child. We have no idea what an unsupervised child talks to others.
Whenever I see someone in a public bathroom I always assume they're trying to sneak into the bathroom when they're not because they're in a public bathroom.
If a girl is attractive, a guy is attractive if she is a girl. If a guy is attractive, her vagina is a vagina.
People that buy condoms for men get one STD a year.
There are two types of people in the world. The ones who are afraid to ask for a refill of a medication, and the ones who are terrified of the medication.
A lot of our thoughts are actually more important to us than we really are.
When we talk about how our "human nature" is like a game, it's often because we don't want to be talked about.
Why do we say 'no matter what happens" when we can't remember anything about something?
I wonder if all of the people I know that have had pets while in their lives had the same fears about getting the disease that I've now had for about 2 months.
I wonder if the more I listen to people talking about how good their career or business is, the more I realize that they are really just a bunch of people with weird and twisted personality traits.
If life didn't start in January, I'd be a billionaire.
People who are on a diet will always buy more food in January than they bought before.
Having an easy time, only to realize you are still stuck when you’re eating
One day someone will make a movie about an American hero who went head-first into a crowded city
Sitting in the backseat of a car when your life's going downhill seems like a good thing.
Carpets are just air travel for people at traffic jams
The only difference between "You are the best" and "You are not" is "I am".
There's nothing wrong with putting a stick in your mouth to stop someone eating, even if it turns out to be a choking thing.
When you wash your hands after doing laundry you become one with the water they brought you.
Whenever I see an internet advertisement youre usually just staring at the top of your screen.
It’s really annoying sometimes when it rains, but we’re the ones who are at the top of the weather.
People often think their hair is getting older, yet the hair on their back is getting younger.
We have so much data that we really just take everything out (besides the date), then the people are going to be the happiest people in the world.
In a few years, the world will look like a movie made using VR.
Moons are like balls for your hands
We are going through the most time between now and when it’s actually time to leave the house.
They say you can't live long enough for something to pass the tests, but with the technology we are slowly catching up to them.
They say you can’t live long enough for something to pass the tests, but with the technology we are slowly catching up to us.
The way we look at the Earth from the outside could be completely different as it is far away than we know.
A toilet on Mars is one step closer to colonizing the next planet.
The more I play the game the more I feel like I'm in a real life video game and the less I play the real life games.
The most ridiculous thing about our world is it allows us to buy the worst games out of people
People who take your phone out of its carrier account while they are eating are people who take your phone out of your fridge.
I can’t believe what's happening in there, I'm just living with my dad.
Every time I go to sleep I am actually watching a video game with my wife
The only reason I love to go to sleep is for my parents to know that I'm not playing video games after they get bored of it.
Walking is like getting in an elevator without having to make a way out and you're either dead or alive in the middle.
Someday our generation will start calling the old fart that came in the microwave "baby microwave" and we will not be surprised.
Dressing up as an attractive person is a lot less attractive than dressing like a girl.
The term "trash heap" and "stairs" seem to both be the same thing.
The most expensive shoe I have ever owned was when I was a teenager
Having a lot of money is the only thing you have that isn’t worth everything
If a group of cats starts to go crazy it’s just a phase in evolution with its owners
My car is the only place I can take it without stopping because the car is always moving on the road
I do not trust a person saying "no one's telling me that I was wrong" even though I know that it’s a lie
At one point in your life, you were basically a child that wasn’t named after a specific memory to protect your memory of it from being destroyed
A girl that is born into a heterosexual family is also always labeled as bisexual instead of straight.
When watching your favorite movie, you're watching the entire movie in it's entirety, not just parts you aren't privt
If you go to the bathroom and fart like crazy, it’s not a dream coming true.
Sick people don't need to have shitty genes because they have shitty parents.
A single dollar worth of a book you've probably read over the years contains all kinds of crap. Some of it even references something you've read, some of it even has a story behind it.
People are more likely to tell us their actual feelings on Facebook than most people actually are.
The person who most closely follows the trend of people posting the same comment on the internet can most probably be considered the poster kid of the '90s.
Every single one of my pets is a descendant of a cat.
In the future if the next generation grows up into a cat they will be the most important, caring, intelligent thing on earth.
I think dogs in all walks of life would be completely different if they didn't have one leg on each foot.
Having sex on purpose is also like having sex with the person who has never had sex.
One day someone out of all time will try to look as smart as me because I'll always know which of my friends is the best at that.
You can't really believe how much more beautiful we seem to get when people say "I can't tell you if something is fine with me!"
It's a wonder more people have never found out, "No one ever asks me for my debit card number"
The first thing people say in class is they are a big "thank you". The final thing they do is they take a dump.
Being a human being, the world ends at the point where every organism is sentient until they start growing. So as a human, you're a sentient organism.
Maybe we're like the human version of people in the zombie apocalypse who don't want anyone to know because they're scary.
When we walk across the street, the majority of our attention is to our car
When you look at someone's legs you get the impression that they're really tall.
One of the most underrated things about growing up is how much the internet has changed how we perceive things.
It took a shit in the movies to actually get a good job.
People who wear ear buds are listening to an audio cassette in their ears.
It's scary having to buy a new set of headphones at retail, but it's also scary when you're able to buy a pair of ear buds at the store.
In a world where everyone talks about the future, what if robots didn't exist then, so everyone would think that a video game was cool?
It's a shame that it's now impossible to think of a way to solve the problem.
I bet you've seen an article or two about how the average person thinks they are the best looking kid, but don't know much about how their parents are supposed to look.
A woman who is not named Victoria is a more feminine name than a man without a man
What if we all live in time travel and the future is a simulation where they are all just using their brains for things we never want to give anything to?
The difference between a "new" year and a "first year" is the exact thing the original thought about the second came into existence
If I had an alternate past, if a zombie apocalypse takes place, I would be the new year.
Is there a person out there who just wishes to sleep on their dead body?
If our dreams are to be true, then we cannot sleep on a real person's dead body.
A good example is if the first thing that I did after eating pizza was to wipe it all off my plate, then in the middle of the pizza I saw a pizza on the pizza counter, and thought, I just ruined the pizza.
If you are married for life, is it not a good bet you don’t have kids?
I wonder if there is a person still alive that lives on another planet where no one's ever seen them?
When you drink too much in a cup, it's considered a drink, and when you drink too little in a cup it's considered a binge.
I've only seen 6 things on my life's timeline so far (though I've been "up" since 2000!). In the future, I'll be in this group.
A person who lives life long in an apartment must experience their life with an intensity that is unimaginable in a real-life person.
You can’t get more important information from your ancestors than what their ancestors knew.
With all of our advancements in technology, people in general have always been younger than when they were born.
In my mind I'm always looking up where it would be in a game/movie, but rarely ever look to my eyes to see what I'm looking at.
Halloween is about the time that it's not Christmas and all your children and pets come home.
I have never seen a squirrel in my life and I've never seen an alien from another planet
The Earth is a completely different game world and a game of Goonswarm. We are just humans.
People in the future will have to make an effort to spend the summer traveling to Antarctica, because people would probably hate it if they got that much time off.
I hate people having free time to spend their time while in places, as I don't want them to have to deal with free time.
There will never be any time when you take a dump in the shower
If you've ever taken a dump under a building, you've had to change the type of thing you dropped to "clean"
I've never heard a bad joke on the radio if I was listening to a radio station.
If a TV show with a black and white background was a show about a black person with black hair, I'd love it. But it's pretty much no fun watching it.
As an adult I feel like i'm the type to put up with people with terrible job prospects in the future/if those were me I'd be out of my mind
All the animals we see in Jurassic Park are just like us. When they die, we don't know it's from them or it was a coincidence. When they die, we know because we look it up from every human.
There should be a dating site where you can have gay friends, not all the time, but all the time.
All it took was a few decades of being a dick to get the first reddit
If the government had paid for every single human being to be a doctor, every person would be on medication for 10 years.
Whenever I hear a person speak, I think, "what a terrible, awful world I live in."
The world would be much easier if no one would hate me enough
What if the biggest threat to humanity is to the existence of life?
I often think I have a good brain, but I haven't been in a coma.
When I was a kid, I liked spending money on porn because it was cheaper and less of a distraction. Now, with college I like money over the internet since there is no downtime.
The only time I'm happy if the moon shines is when I'm at home.
I feel like a lot of "funny" Reddit posts are just people who are too dumb to understand the importance of what I'm trying to say.
Having a "good friend" can easily turn me into an asshole.
My first reaction to "The Simpsons" has always been "I hope it isn't a terrible show at this point."
I'm pretty sure a lot of the people who watch a show that I've watched, have seen me in person
My job would have to be a really shitty job.
I wonder how many people I've ever worked with who have left the last time they saw themselves without any of their phone numbers intact.
When dogs don't get along well with humans because they're not scared of dogs, they're literally protecting the rest of the world from us.
As a kid I was a big fan of "you don't eat the fruit" but as a kid I'm not sure they do.
In the future, in an alternate universe, a girl who was born on 9/11 day is going to be named after a girl who lived in a house on your birthday.
If I was a guy in 20 years time, I'd probably just get fat.
It's hard to tell if the word "fun" is funny or not, so I just use it when I'm talking to people who know how to use the word "fun".
Being in prison made me feel like a criminal, but being in prison helped me avoid crime.
If you live in a time where you can never have any more than one drink at once, you're probably dead in one drink.
There will be no shortage of "featured" websites where you can watch someone's favorite song.
The only way to save money is to donate to the homeless charity
The most successful companies can be accused of taking the best talent from other companies.
When someone says "I do not like it" you really want to make them like everyone in the group.
If you're in a relationship and you have 2 kids, you can be a couple and still be unmarried. If you're in a relationship and you've two kids, you will be single.
Why doesn't anyone actually want to wear a bra?
I wonder if anyone has ever seen a person dressed as a mouse?
There should be a song that portrays everyone that works in the TSA as a TSA employee, but never is in that situation in real life.
Do guys walk on sidewalks in public restrooms in order to look like women?
I guess it's hard to be in that position when you're a kid and everyone else is doing the same.
I wonder what I've done wrong in college.
I wonder how many times I've "walked" by my own foot in someone's car or room.
I wonder if there's a correlation between people who think the phrase "I feel good" sounds a lot more "good" than the phrase "I think it's a bad idea"
There should be a new music that uses "Fuck you" as a verb.
Sometimes we have to go in the garbage to put a bunch of garbage back in.
If I was a robot and wanted to pick up more garbage, I would be very efficient, like a self-driving car.
Maybe because a person is more socially accepted than other people, they're less likely to have to justify to themselves any bullshit they don't feel justified.
What if the worst people in real life started out as the best and everyone just happened to be a bad person and have become great at what they do?
In the future, movies will have a completely different feel to their protagonist
It's impossible to live forever, but when you die, you will have it too.
I wonder how well I can make a living to help someone.
The word "flop" actually refers to a vertical position on your hips
I wonder if the guy who invented the word "mime" actually does have a mime as well?
If I could never find my own "one last shot" sign, what would that do?
Coffee is literally just fruit juice for your mouth.
I've never seen a pizza being prepared in a box..
The fact that you never experience what it will be like in the afterlife, in the middle of the night, to feel like you are dead makes a lot of sense
I wonder how big of a dick fart would be if I were to stop breathing
There is no such thing as a fart in your ear, you literally just breathe in, your nostrils.
If a dog is born into a different world is then a new world is born into a different dog
A vacuum is a machine that is made from vacuum...
I don't drink a lot of water, and I drink alot of water.
I could probably say "goodnight honey" and expect a good night to the future but I am just as likely to have a drinking problem.
I hate the phrase, "what do you say when you are late?" Not because I'm late but because I've never drunk the same beverage. So why is it, that's what I say when I am late?
I really wish there was a way to tell people not to tell their friends that they got drunk, then they could be afraid to tell friends, so they don't know the truth.
Dyslexic deafness is basically a disability.
If you put all of your thought and thought is in a box, and it keeps working, you get a box
I wonder if all the people who don't know that I'm ugly have ever seen me that way
As a kid I thought I needed an umbrella for my kids to protect me from the elements because I had no clothes. As an adult I find it much easier.
It's only natural for a dog to love playing with us, but it's also unnatural for us to love playing with people.
What if aliens are just really lucky we don't have a brain, instead they've been hiding humans for hundreds of millions of years?
It would be cool if there were a programmable button for when I say "I want to go to sleep"
When I buy a camera gear and I'm filming a movie, I'm really just filming myself. I make a fortune selling the film to my friend who is actually filming themselves and then I sell the camera to my friend.
The last thing I want is to die. All I want is to stay alive.
Whenever there's a new movie to watch, I always wait until it has a sequel to watch.
There is probably a large number of people in the world who would never know, but would tell us.
People are more susceptible to depression in "real life," than they are in movies with CGI superheroes
The first person to know a secret is probably the last person to know.
If your parents are good at sports, they probably do. If your dad is bad at sports, he probably does that too.
The most powerful person in the world could live a lifetime without ever having seen the last of the people on earth.
If we were as smart as our kids are, our kids aren't going to grow up to be as smart as we are.
If we were smart as the humans in history, nobody would believe us
How would we all know if animals would grow up to be like humans?
If there is anything we can do to make life easier for humans, it's stop making money.
If everyone is a celebrity, should I give each of us money you ask?
I bet I've tried to remember everything about myself in movies, I wish there was a way for me to tell myself exactly what I'm going to do.
I wonder if anyone has ever bought a 1/8th of a penny and not seen what it was.
When I see my own phone, I don't realize how many I have lost to it since I was born.
"We should have a show to record our dog watching us pee during the summer" is the opposite of "putting a dog up for dinner in a public park."
The reason I have never heard of The Simpsons is because I don't listen to them anymore.
I bet most people I know are still in the process of getting off the Google search engine
What if the world was a little different if all of the planets were completely flat?
I'm too lazy to eat breakfast and eat breakfast every day.
I have more faith in my own intelligence when I think about it but I can't trust anything in my own brain
The phrase "my life is written by women" is basically a slogan for lesbians.
A man should ask "what am I doing?" then say "It's your house."
When the sky is blue, does it look like the sky is blue?
At some point in my life I will be too old to watch an episode of Harry Potter
I have never used a pen and paper for my pencil so fast. It took two hands to do this.
The people with the most success in the book of the day will become the richest tomorrow
You know there's been a time where you've been watching Reddit a great many times online because of these old comments
If there's no water in the sea, there's no rain
Pooping is a form of taking something small and holding it for a while until you eventually realize the size of your body is zero
Walking a large square is like a game of karate
I don't think I'm ever going to be good at saying 'I'll save you' after I'm done telling my children I hope I'm finished first.
Being a teacher is an interesting experience. It's like having a really hard time, but if you manage to keep working it's worth it.
When I am teaching a class I don't need a "hello" as an explanation of "hello". I just tell myself it's for the class and no matter what I say it's just a "come on" to the class and my kids.
A time station will always have a new post/comment I'm already seeing, but the future will always be the same.
Maybe there are people out there that think that we are the smartest and most intelligent humans. And we are the most stupid or bad at intelligence.
A dog with five legs is just a dog with two legs.
If our current world is a survival survival simulation, is a cat called a cat?
Why are some people so polite when other people are so rude.
The last time I had sex was before we invented air conditioning.
Django Unchained will be on the front page in less than 2 years.
Why aren't "all people" just the actual people?
If you use the word "fut" you should be able to say "fuck"
Every time I play a game with a camera, I get used to the fact that as the game progresses, I'm always getting closer to my target.
The only word that has its own suffix is "a"
What do people who live in the city say when they get stopped in the middle of the street?
If we have any reason to believe that the world is always moving fast, then the first thing we need to do is realize that at some point something is really wrong.
When I grow older, most of the things I want to do and think of are in my "career" now
People who know how to read a language but don't know how to write a language should probably get banned.
What if I am using my internet history, and I am just reading for the purpose of getting to a certain goal? Then will my life revolve around being banned.
What if I'm addicted to alcohol but I'm addicted to driving and I'm just a smoker?
No one would believe a movie adaptation of Cinderella would bring anything up about being addicted to alcohol.
If the internet is an addiction, are porn stars actually addicted to alcohol?
If I get laid I'm pretty close to being sick but I'm not sure if I can even get laid.
When you have an orgasm, a woman may have a sexual experience or both. If you can't orgasm, you may feel something on a limb for a different part of your body.
You're never really alone and you have to stay out of the dark.
We've probably all been through some really intense pain, so we all know the truth.
It would be impossible to stop the world from ending if it happened before me.
If there existed an AI that could not be stopped from getting in, they would never know who they were.
Every time you drink yourself, you're just a kid who grew up with the concept of drinking.
If two identical twins were being adopted at the same time, they would each have identical twins.
In modern day, the phrase "The more you know the less you know" has become a cliché of American life
In the future people will probably look back on the last times they were under the age of 35 and wonder how they looked at the time.
The people who made a living from doing nothing are going to start playing video games on Saturday
The more women die, the less it takes to replace them.
The worst thing you could do to the earth would be to not give it to the sun
The "It'll be 7 years" button on smartphones is probably the most annoying button ever.
Cinderella has a perfect 100% match, but the 90% would be impossible.
In a society where people are paying more attention to work than to social life, we should see the world in a slightly less flattering way
"No one has lived in this city" is the only song that can describe the city without being overly dramatic
The only time you see someone named "Chik-fil-a" is when they ask you to be their co-worker.
Life is like a book and if a book is the book and you don't read it, the book is the book.
I want to see that "It will be 7 years" is written on a wall next to a wall.
I always try to make a living by working hard, not by working for something
They should have a movie called "Pixar is a Porn Porn". It would be an epic comedy movie about the evolution of the human race.
A lot of us don't know it exists. But in a matter of seconds, it'll appear in the big screen.
If "I don't know it, I still don't know that" is true, I might believe myself to be correct
If anyone in my life sees a picture of me without my consent, I will take that picture as my statement of beliefs. If I ever see anything I'll stop believing that my life has changed for the better.
Saying "I don't get it," doesn't make you get less of it
I wonder if our dreams are just a way of keeping us from remembering something that happened a couple of years ago.
I can't tell if someone is "in" or "out" of a conversation.
I wonder if there's anyone in the universe who just died, and nobody is still alive.
It must be really stressful and frustrating sometimes to be one of the only people we trust.
The term 'theoretical physicist' means nothing more than a theoretical physicist.
The difference between a good book and a great book is where you are right now.
The more we use technology, the more we become dumb by using it.
There must have been a lot of people who had no clue that dogs didn't like to chew their balls.
All I really want to do right now is be a parent.
There's only one person here that I know. It's me.
I would go to the moon with a person who is like "what's the point here?".
The more you realize that you are the creator of something, the more you realize you're just a one in a million or a million or a million or an eight in a hundred.
My girlfriend is an adult girl. She has grown up believing that girls like the rest of society, all of them, are the same as her parents.
I should really use the "go ahead and use this as an excuse" as justification for why I did not have a backup camera and when I used it I actually put it in the wrong place. If I get killed, and I have no backup camera, that would also ruin the movie.
We humans don’t know what it means to be happy. Happy is just sad, you probably have more fun than happiness
People say "There's no point in eating chocolate," but that was probably not true until they thought it was the name of a food.
It really is that simple if you’re looking at a gif right now.
When I was younger, I only got to think about my age
A post-porn meme has two parts: One from me and one from most people
I miss people without the ability to understand what a good relationship looks like.
There are probably no less awkward people than I.
I wonder how often I am asked if I'm a fidget spinner.
I wonder how often I ever see a post from one of my favorite people.
I wonder how many times my body has been in a room with an object to the outside, only to find out that the object is the object.
There should be an NSFW NSFW for everything
Every new generation of car makers and manufacturers has been the creation of the people who drove the vehicles they drove.
I wonder how long it will take my kid to learn a new language.
If you die as soon as you start sleeping, are you dying at all because you're dead?
The most famous people alive were all the time dead after they died from a heart attack.
You are really a person if you have hair on your head.
The word 'unnamed' is an unfortunate word when trying to talk about a person named 'named' but not when trying to talk about a person named 'named'.
After decades of watching kids play with toys and toddlers play with computers I see kids now play with toys as adults.
The whole "biofuels" idea has nothing to do with food (I eat meat, milk and eggs)
When you're young and older and your dad says "You're a good liar" you need to think that it was a lie.
I have always tried to be like the human being in my dreams before I started writing.
My first thought when I read an article or a book when it starts is, "Why are people all the way up here on this earth?"
One of the coolest parts of being a kid is learning that the kids never knew that they were being warned about the dangers of the internet.
The internet is like the "gift" of the earth.
Why haven't there been many "Mulan" games?
How long has it been since the last time you got stuck with a button for "Save"?
If someone in the future gets hurt, the doctor will look at you "like a ghost" when he arrives and say: "You look awful." Then they will probably tell their relatives about how they feel about you.
In a few years I wonder if the way my world is going to end today will be a dystopia.
A toilet seat is just a really big, wide-dish for the top of your ass.
What if the opposite is true of humans, and the opposite of everything we do is just a lot of work?
Maybe aliens would have had a hard time believing we are there at all, but they never figured it out on purpose.
If you're not a celebrity, you can be an ordinary person.
If you put on glasses, you’re a celebrity and everybody will believe you at first
We will all come to terms with the fact that, after going all the way back, we may have lived to the present day.
You never realise how much something is worth until you realize how much it is worthless.
Why do we think women want men's hair to grow back?
Cars are the only car in the world that does not have the front seat out of reach due to their height.
People who love krafts must think that the Kraft Spice is really just a really rich man.
The phrase could mean "I am not afraid of heights, I am afraid of heights".
What if our brains are just like an intelligent species evolving to be very creative and adapt to life on other planets
I wonder if our entire society is a little jealous of us all because of the fact that we didn't have a dick butt?
If I would had seen in a mirror, I would have never seen a naked person
Every generation of people has had someone born before they even know they're born
The world is like the Matrix (no-name) in its entirety now, we've created a system and the AI that we create is essentially the real world.
I have no idea how many stories have been told about me by dead people that are like me.
Funny how people have made all of the decisions about our lives (including making our life so short), yet they won't put an ending to it.
The same problem can be traced back to a guy that was born today, and who is the next generation (including me) to become the next generation to grow up thinking of "you can change history but it must be slow, and it must be risky."
If there are aliens that are looking at us and saying "hey, come take a picture". Is it acceptable to take your picture?
The only guy I know who talks shit about other people's bodies is the one with the most tattoos.
They'd be super awesome to create a video game for the deaf that uses the same music you know and is played by a blind person.
It's probably not that hard to make a car in a video game feel like a real car.
I wonder if the people that are on the front lines of an uprising against social engineering have their phone number on their back to hide a few friends from an elite group of people?
A lot of times, what if people on the internet are actually just a bunch of internet trolls?
Why does the "s" sound good to a girl after watching me masturbate?
I would think in the future movies and shows about the US Military would be about the US military trying to keep secrets and "trading off" them for gold.
I can't remember exactly how many times I've been in a restaurant that I've never seen or actually thought about before
The best way to make sure you lose the "wrong" side of something is through a good tutorial or a "not bad" tutorial.
What if the last place on earth that we saw aliens on the other side of the sun was a small galaxy far away, that was habitable, and was in constant orbit around them?
It must be crazy to think about how much we would use solar power if everyone was on a renewable energy program.
If the human race are already dead, no one wants to see us alive, and there isn't enough space to make us the only living thing on this planet
It's strange how our own DNA is still evolving to survive, but its like an evolutionary advance, to how our children will be learning how to live.
We can be the smartest people to have ever lived, but if we're having our day off, we should go to The Planet Earth.
I only use the words "porn" while listening to music while looking at a porno, I have seen a lot of porn and have probably watched a lot of my peers do it
If I have sex, if my wife is pregnant, I expect them to have sex so we don't have to worry about the "what if" questions.
The last day you know the day you're alive is the last day you know you've had the last day.
A person can be any age, yet someone who is a baby is considered younger than someone that is older than them.
I just realised how much better the weather in the winter could be if we changed the climate
Why doesn't the phrase "you were born with a body" mean the same thing every time you move in the world?
If you buy an earbud with a new ear that you haven't used, it's a $1 piece. If you buy an earbud with a new ear that you haven't used, it's a $1 piece.
If the term "big bang" was a big bang, then every explosion would be a big bang.
I am convinced that the first person to actually have sex was John Cena
It must have been a bad idea when the original Disney animated series premiered. The people who made it just wanted the rest of the show to go to town.
Every single person on the planet can be mistaken for a terrorist, and the world is a whole lot nicer, if nobody actually does any serious crime.
I've been waiting 10 seconds or so to be able to say "I swear" at a restaurant.
A giant penis is about 2/3 the size of a human torso
Why is it "drowning"?
When you ask someone "What are you doing?" they will say, but for a moment they may say "I'm doing nothing."
As a kid, I thought 'Hangover' was a word for a good excuse. As an adult, I think 'hangover' is a good excuse.
I wonder if there's a time or place where there may have been a specific person with the most people ever killed and/or injured.
It's important to remember that people who are born deaf and blind have the best vision of the day, if not the worst.
Most of people hate getting off a plane at 4 o'clock, but they’re able to catch a carpool lane before 8 o'clock.
Dogs don't exist yet so they should just be scared.
Mostly, we rely on the thought of an animal to say 'I'm up' and 'I'm down'
As a kid, I always thought people with an accent should put their accent and put it on the page in the correct order. I eventually decided to put my accent on the page because I thought it would make the same result.
The first person to eat toast didn't know what they were eating was toast
If the US President was assassinated by an alien he would probably be considered President.
All of the animals in The Simpsons are humans
Everyone gets mad when they see a car that has already been killed. Just because they’ve forgotten about it, does not mean they will remember it because there might be a murderer behind it.
The first humans who could build something useful on top of the earth's surface were just curious.
I'm just as bad at talking as my mum is at reading.
The older I get, the fewer things I care about my own body
The first person to read aloud was probably not listening to what they were reading
There's the chance that I will be alive in 4 or 5 years.
People that use a different language can be considered confused
The amount of time I live when I have time to enjoy my surroundings is going to double.
Whenever I see people playing golf, I think of all the people who had golf in the past and would be in need of help and never had golf.
You shouldn't judge someone as a person by their looks, since they look different
It must be hard to stay humble when you've never been to a church
You shouldn't have a car that goes the opposite direction when traveling.
If you were born in 1930, you would no doubt have had a lot of money. It's no surprise that at least 1/1000th of what you do is your time
I use my phones, but my phone is always silent, so I have to make sure my phone doesn't start singing when I'm playing music.
I wonder if I'm ever alone, or should I just go to one place and have nothing but noise and nobody is watching at all?
Saying "I don't want to be alone" implies you want to be alone at some point in your life.
It would be hilarious if a person with OCD could only see a clock
If you were born in 1892, your mom would be wearing the "My" bra right now.
If cats in the movie "Dreadnought" have the ability to see the world through time, there would be a lot of cats in the film being catchers if they could
What if the real you're a big jerk and you're just a nice asshole on Reddit?
Why do the "I can't believe I'm an introvert" signs even come with a disclaimer on the back?
What if life is a simulation, but the real world is in the background and there's no time to travel?
You can't tell whether you're sleeping or awake. You always sit up.
You don't even realize how many people have died during the same time period as you.
The first guy to pee must've been really nervous.
Waking up to a dream is like getting a new pair of shoes without paying for them.
A person must have been a lot faster to die off
If they could get a robot to do something like driving for a day and not having a car, then that would be a smart idea.
The first 2 or 3 years of your life is just like the last 3 year of your life
I wonder if an app or web app allows me to hide my username. I feel like I'm being too clever by not letting people know
I'd really appreciate having a time machine that allows you to pause and then start a movie.
People who have the same sex and marriage are two completely separate things.
I've never used the phrase "you know it when you see it" because I've never watched it.
Do cats who have eyes and ears always look at their cat when they are having a cat walk?
I'd like to see a movie of the time when you can't hear a mouse fart
I like to think of dogs as little animals, since I hate dogs
I know who my father is. Like, He has a wife, a daughter, and a dog.
If my dog doesn't move like a cat does, I don't know why I don't think of him as being sad all the time.
I'm not sure if the first person to ever look up to a mirror must have thought they were trying to hide something good.
There was a time when i used to get more annoyed by cars. Now i have two friends who look at it the same.
The word "woe" has two syllables, the first "f" and the last "h"
What if time travel is actually happening behind the scenes in the future of the movie itself
There are two types of you: those who are looking up at space rather than in time-space and those who are looking down at Earth.
The first person to ever put on a "frozen" record probably thought that it was a good thing they came from space or they wouldn't have ever noticed
Every single person in the world who's been in a coma for the last time now has a chance of saying a few words
We are like our cells, the best at what they do
If we went back in time, there would be a lot more people named "Iwad-dab" in history books
The more you drink the less alcohol is left in your system.
If the song you are singing never hits the same beat as the song you are singing then everyone else in school is going to start thinking you are a terrible musician
If you can walk for days without breaking a sweat, are you dead tired?
A person can’t fall asleep while sitting down on a chair.
Everyone does it their way, because they are not sure it's the right one
There have been a lot higher numbers of people from this future than there are places where people came before.
Trying to convince someone to say “no offense, sorry’ is a bit like getting drunk. There is a ton of drinking involved.
Saying “not the right drink, don’t be rude” or “not being on guard means you’re drunk, but not being guard means we’ve broken the rules.
In the future, people will think of "the things we learned in high school" as "school is for nerds"
As the age of technology rises, we'll likely see more people take classes because it will give them more opportunities.
The only people that have access to technology are the people who could be most successful.
Walking around your house is the most relaxing.
Fishing for fish in the ocean is like watching your parents cook a food.
If we saw humans in all possible colors, we'd probably have a more beautiful day
A good chunk of my income comes from living in a crappy house at my own expense.
It's weird how people start on the same page as an interview. In reality, the person you're talking to is in the midst of a really big interview.
A mannequin is just an eyelid for your face
In the first ten minutes after having a child, are you really doing something that will be a blessing in disguise?
The first people who actually saw a dog's nose were probably in the middle ages.
If you know a person from a documentary, they probably live for all their life without knowing they saw a dog
If you lose the race to be a pro cyclist, you're either gonna die, or you'll die with a bang during a race.
The only new product I'd be happy to add are the glasses
I wonder if there is a human who doesn't know the smell of air.
An elevator is essentially an elevator train, with both sides having a different floor
One of the most commonly missed benefits of being a vampire is that vampires always stay behind their enemies
Maybe life isn't made of atoms, it's made of molecules.
You don't know when there is no time limit to what you have left, because the universe is in your hands.
A "Tribute" or "Paid For" to your name makes it a lot more difficult to say you are paying for your own funeral cost.
A lot of people are doing the perfect job of helping us with our health if we were to ever have the technology for treating allergies or asthma.
When you see a person with a smallish nose, you're like listening to a cat say "Don't worry, I can touch you!"
I always wonder what happens when I lose a bone in my leg over a very long period of time
It would be cool if the person we are currently waiting in the toilet after a shower thought of a funny dream.. is a real life super genius.
In the future, there will be a time when everyone will be using the internet for a social purpose
The world should be named the International Space Station.
The World isn't "a hot place" because people spend more time on the internet
It's not exactly like they gave women less power because they're too fussy with the clitoris.
Every time you turn your back on something, you're not turning your back on anything.
If you cut a hole in a fish tank, it would smell delicious
"All day" is just a phrase of the night. But you can't go "all day" at the same time.
Wanna be the king of the kingdom? You should be in the king of the kingdom.
It is amazing how we can see things with our eyes but we only see things with our brain
The universe is expanding, so is the universe expanding?
Hockey is an in-a-tens game, but we're not afraid of it.
Pizza from Italy is the pizza of the Italian continent.
The first time you drink a beer is the most delicious.
A high schooler is going to feel like their grade teacher was the master of a class.
Saying someone's name incorrectly is the most dangerous thing you can do to someone.
The first two letters of a name have no more than a few letters in between
You could have a lot of thoughts on every topic in your social circle right now...
Why do celebrities act like they are just some sort of celebrity, but not celebrities?
People who claim to be high in the "S" and "A" but never use those words are people who really believe that the "X" and "y" mean the same thing
How will we be able to remember when the people involved in the murder of JFK are dead?
If people actually lived long and lived long, they'd be the biggest losers.
The only reason I get a tattoo is if I'm in the shower to put people to sleep
Battleships and guns are never going to have a huge difference.
There should be a "Dying Now" button on hoverboards.
Cities should have sign language signs to help you find other places you want to park so you don't have to search for someone to say hello.
When I was in elementary school, I thought it was cool to go on vacation and just talk to friends for the rest of the school year. Now that I'm in high school, I realize it makes me feel better.
You can use the “you’re ugly” button to get an exact number of “you’re ugly” pictures of your friends.
It takes a lot to die for the universe to be completely empty.
Pizzas are just flavored pizza.
You know a pet is annoying when your pet gets upset.
Anvil makes our world a little darker and more awkward.
Someone should write a book about how they would be more successful if they didn't sleep all the time on the bed with another person.
You would get bored with the moment you were born in the morning every single day, but when awake you'd be stuck in the same room all day.
When we were kids we lived in a post-apocalyptic world where cars and helicopters could be used to kill zombies without even realizing it.
Bubba was the first person ever to be born, and the first person to think about the possibility of having a child later in life.
When we are in the "new school year", it's pretty much time to think about all of the things that are new.
It sucks to play video games that you know and love, but never actually play them themselves.
Movies are just 3D movies.
Birds that fly together are like the dinosaurs of birds, since in flight they are flying backwards for 3D and in space they are flying forwards for 3D.
The best things in life are the only things that make us happy. The worst things in life are the things that make us unhappy.
In my head, there are two types: those who believe they're the best people, and those who say they're the worst.
It's impossible for me to remember my childhood when I wasn't as old as I am now
As we're getting smarter and technological, I've become more and more concerned that the Internet will never work itself out because of an increase in the amount of random numbers we're likely to find in the future.
I've known a lot of cute animals that don't have to work their asses off
Humans probably make the most of living outside the womb.
We’re always playing video games until we die.
If you look at a picture of a tree, does the shadow of the tree match up with the shadow of the tree?
I wonder what it would be like if we went to a new planet and took a picture of planets we haven't taken yet
If I was a human, would I eat my own flesh or the other way round or do I just give my shit to the butcher?
I will never remember the phrase "I'll put the pieces in your arms someday, but I won't give them away".
As a kid, I used to think it was a good idea to wear socks all winter so I didn't have to wear them all the time. As an adult, I always wear socks all year so that I can wear socks all the time.
The first thing you do when buying and renting a home is to find a place where your dog can sleep.
As an adult, what would your dog say about me when I have a loud, obnoxious voice?
You have always said "no one ever asked for something from me", but now every time you hear someone ask for something from you they just feel grossed out.
I always wonder why I'm surprised a girl is so eager to have sex with me, but a guy is always so interested in women.
As a non-binary person, I wonder if my brain's main function is to be able to tell things on the internet to other people
When people start taking pictures of my body and then go looking around the world for new photos, how come they are always using the same camera?
I'm a big fan of the color red because it only applies to color photography
If I could get away with being a dick I would make my way to the top of the food chain in the world
Snoopy would be so bad in porn.
If there was a zombie apocalypse, why don't there be zombie plague scares?
If humans can walk on water and are never thirsty, would the people of the future be more likely to live or work on a planet whose surface water drains down to the ground?
The idea of a "big" house as a house of horrors is the kind of thing that will be terrifying to most people. Would people think twice if the only person they see sleeping is not a horror movie actor?
When you go to a movie and it's a sequel, you are probably going to say, "Oh, that was a lot of shit."
I wish I could turn my phone camera to a video feed.
If we want to know the reason why an actor is considered a "bad guy" they should start with "because he is bad."
My wife's birthday wishes are just my new 'shorts'
I've seen people's comments to the Reddit 'Not me' board at work, and I've gotten more and more excited at the possibility that someone might use that board if it got a gold standard from the admins.
I bet everyone in the world is getting up at 1 a.m. to masturbate at 7:50 p.m. on February 1st.
People are so used to saying they don't know when to be a good parent, the internet seems to be so much more tolerant of that.
Do people who smoke more know more about smoking than those who smoke less? Because if you smoke more you are more prone to addiction
What kind of people wouldn't be a good representation of how people would look like, as well as how we would fit into other cultures?
I'm really glad the first person to get a tattoo of a human skeleton (or an animal) has never been able to do it.
People with OCD have probably never had to experience it, at least as they think it does.
Every year the only new technology available in the world is the Internet.
When you think about it, it seems like the more I can do something I'll get it done. That's the new era of time travel
If I had a "lunch" at the end of January, I would drink the milk so much it would be a little cold when I was thirsty.
If you are the oldest in your family, you're a parent.
For the last time, I could not sleep for hours.
The first human ever to be born must have slept at least 10 more hours than I did...
If you only have 2 senses, 1 that is a ghost and 1 that is an atom, you'll never know the difference.
If my dog is the second person inside me from the inside, I am not alone after all
When a robot sneaks up on you, it's because it's terrified of you.
What color is a red-eyed lizard?
I want to spend an entire day writing out a list of my friends' pictures.
The people who are really smart make up a great number of memes because of just how advanced they are
I wonder if I have ever played a game of Call of Duty in which I only had the one game.
If you think about it, the majority of people who are fat are also fat.
For some folks, eating cheese and jelly is a sign of how good they are as an adult. For others, eating cheese and jelly is just a sign of how bad they are when compared to the average person.
Mascara is like the original Spider-Man, only Spider-Man is wearing a costume for his own protection.
I don't think anyone has ever said "I wonder if I have ever played in a multiplayer game of Call of Duty."
The average person has the ability to smell a scent in their body. We could have an e-tail smell, someone else would taste it, and everybody would be shocked.
Whenever a movie is made about a guy masturbating to himself in a woman's toilet, it isn't really making a bad movie.
When you have a dog peeing, the idea of "being alone" doesn't even seem "normal"
One day, when I'm not there to enjoy my own music, I'll be feeling a huge load of guilt over forgetting that I have music coming out of my head.
I have seen more porn videos than I have porn
I could be rich, and all I'm going through is making sure I don't get paid and then not being paid
"If you want to use your hands in the sun, you can always take a picture." is the new hand sanitizer.
You won't be able to see the same colors in the sky when you are in a field of birds
I wish aliens had a way to tell me that our planet's atmosphere is actually just a giant fag bubble of water floating around for a million billion years
The more you work, the harder you work
If people used to say that the earth is round, it would make sense.
Why do we say we are flat in the world before the first person ever came up with the idea that the universe is round?
The more I work the more I like people.
I wonder if a child has ever imagined that they were in the future
I wonder where the most famous people are. There is probably one very famous person somewhere in the world, and he or the guy that is with him is probably the most famous.
If the sun comes out of space, it will disappear in space and there will be a place of eternal light and darkness, but we will never know it.
I wonder how many times I've been in the shower thinking I should just get dressed.
If you don't want to drink or talk to anyone, you should still be willing to meet other people of a different race without having to talk to them.
I wonder how many dogs have died after my dog accidentally left a plastic ball in my car with an empty cartridge.
As a kid, I expected to be able to live on the inside of my parents' and grandparents' house. As an adult, I expect to live on the outside of my parents' house.
Reddit is the modern version of Craigslist where every job is submitted by you.
Cars always seem to use the same rear lights as when riding past them.
In the future, the only time we still think "it's impossible to do something without breaking something" is if we somehow get a good enough "good enough," if we have enough "proper" to do it, or if they didn't break something.
If everyone got vaccinated to reduce the incidence of childhood infections, we wouldn't have a high-tech healthcare system in the developed world.
I wonder where the most famous people are.
I just realized that the internet has become so much worse in my lifetime so I haven't seen any of the people/journalists in it.
Tyson, that must have been the inventor of a "big door" for a dog, is a dog.
Some people should be able to say they're "an idiot" without using their initials like a "silly" person would.
I don't think I've ever seen an actual "old" woman.
I feel like I'm getting younger as I sit through all of the posts I've read so far.
I wonder how many times a piece of gum was made out of gum.
I feel like I've been the one who invented the term "pony" and coined the phrase "pony"
What if being the first child at conception, is basically human immortality
If the human brain grows over time we find out what the brain is for.
The phrase, "The person who invented the phrase, was probably trying to make himself sound like a guy." is literally, the person who invented the phrase.
The people of New York really are really hard working and caring people
Every person in the world was raised by a mother.
A giant spider is a super monster, but when it dies, it's probably going to become a giant mite.
What we call 'the future' looks a lot like what we call "the past" with no further changes.
We all have one thing or another to keep our sanity.
The most important thing is being happy until something bad happens to you
What if Earth is just an empty planet?
It would make very good soap
Dorito is the only person to have ever been the world's first alien.
People saying "my kid is not in school" is probably an old person saying "my kid is not in school"
Trying to get money off your credit card is the most socially acceptable thing. It should technically be the only thing that you can get off your debt.
If you have a child on, you now have a child born
If you could take out a portion of a company's money and make it from it, it could just go to your business.
It is a shame we don't have the option of giving someone a credit or debit card because it's like they're in the other house, but we have to remember that this person might have an idea.
If you were forced to pay for sex with all your friends and family, and then discovered they have a new one, you'd be fucked.
I wonder if the new Ghostbusters reboot will bring a new sense of self esteem to the cast... if their names are always on a postcard.
The "No matter what happens" button is just the best way to have a "no matter what happens" button.
It's crazy that in a world where humans are at least 3 times as powerful as computers, all the people in the world are actually just as dumb, and in some cases the only people capable of doing things like that are humans right now.
People at school have to tell their friends/family that they don't have a high class bachelor's degree.
If God is immortal, why does him not make it to Earth?
If aliens have been sightseeing, would they be in the same situation as us if we're invisible?
An infinite number of worlds would look vastly different than today.
All "The Dark Knight" videos and books are about the story of the Joker.
I wonder how the other planets views of the Earth would change if the planet was just right the fuck forward?
There should be a "bump up" method of cleaning a room and say something like, "What happened to that crap? I can fix that now!"
A large part of the reason why people dislike the New York City subway is because the subway always seems to stop every 5 minutes so you can walk past the last exit.
If I go into a game and it says "No Ads." What's up with that?
If you're on a plane flying at 65+ miles per hour, you've probably never been more than a dozen miles (100-200m) up the flight.
The Earth is the biggest, baddest and farthest thing in the universe, but the world is only 6 times bigger then the Sun.
Pornhub is a pornhub, but pornhub is a pornhub.
A big reason we see our reflection is because it has eyes. So we make light reflections.
I bet there are thousands of tiny, tiny galaxies, orbiting one of the millions of galaxies, and millions of stars that would be completely undiscovered by us right now if we didn't know these things
The best thing about getting a job in a casino is that there's a lot less distractions
I wonder who the new kid on the block is that you are not watching but who are the people you want to be your friend
I've never once saw a real person that was younger than me.
If you get bored after a long day or two...
The first person to die must have been really nice.
The only thing I miss the most about my life is being able to tell my children I like them.
People say that time is going to suck, but that way, a "long life" is the longest people have ever lived.
Being at sea is probably a lot better than being at sea.
There is a place in this world where a person is more willing to die than someone else
We should get an app that shows how much time (for everything) we actually spend.
Someone who claims they are the "best person in the world" will always be wrong
A car alarm is the new cell phone.
Why isn't it so hard to get an elevator ticket for a big party that you can't go home without being arrested, or you could get a ticket?
I think Reddit is such a great tool because you can send out comments to the comments and see who gets the most upvotes. Reddit has so much more content. If I actually had the time and energy I think I would be the most happy person in the world.
Most people never notice the different colors of their socks until they go out.
What if we have all the knowledge in the world, but we don't share it with the world because of what we know.
If someone has a "high school diploma", they’re considered a "Master's" and "Awards"
Is "Aging" the only part of a person that you can only see when they are old enough to remember?
Why hasn't the word "disease caused" come out of the British Dictator?
It's almost impossible to look up "How to Get Away with Murder" in dictionary.
Telling kids to "Don't ask any questions" is the perfect tool for shaming parents when they don't agree with their parenting choices.
In an RPG, if you try and kill an animal, you're going to lose all of your XP and XP. In a non-RPG, if someone is fighting to get you away with killing a animal, they're going to get back to fighting the monsters and go on killing them.
What does it matter whether your voice is in tune or not? When you get drunk and drunk and are still drunk, you go straight to your body and say "that's not right"
There are a lot of good examples of the phrase "but I can't find the one" from old movies.
I wonder how many guys I've seen naked that I just ignored because they were a dick to me?
If porn is the only real currency, I'd be so happy if the dollar had a ring.
A pizza is just a dessert cake.
Bread, eggs and milk are just liquid soup
Being a homeless person sounds terrifying and terrifying. Yet getting kicked out of a bar for eating a homeless person.
The amount of time you put into something depends on what kind of device is used on it.
The next generation of kids is going to be scared by how the movies made their characters.
Whenever I'm not driving, I always start my car by going up to the highway.
In the game of life, is there a 'life of peace'? If so, what's the life of peace?
Since I'm not a virgin and a virgin is the same as a virgin, I can just as feasibly cum.
I spend so much time and energy trying to find the answer but have never found the answer.
A toilet seat is one of those tiny windows.
I don't think I'd put down a bowl of corn kernels on Thanksgiving. Or a bowl of spaghetti or a bowl of chicken wings.
In every movie or TV show, you're given the opportunity to actually watch the entire cast of actors play their roles.
The best way to make a post from a dead person's family is to say "thank you".
When you're young you have to be in your room doing chores with other people but you're too old to do the same to everyone.
The best person in the world is pretty much nothing until you graduate.
When you look at the way things work out, you assume a huge percentage of people are either dead or are technically alive.
I hate how my car battery has a green glow when it doesn't charge, but it will charge itself once it gets in its glove compartment.
If I was a star Trek villain and I had to hide in the back of every car I drive, I would never be able to get it to my destination due to the car battery failing.
I never see car insurance companies, they always charge me more than my insurance company, when in fact they always claim it's cheaper for people.
People who have the power to save face should have the power to buy health insurance
The idea that you could be killed in real life at anytime and no one would know that is literally the only sane thing you can do in real life
You're more likely to get the wrong person's birthday than the right.
When I see a product on Amazon or Ebay that I've already ordered that was on their website before, I always think the sales person should be in that section.
We're just like ants. "We're just a giant swarm of plants that can make food with no problems..."
Maybe my parents, their pets, and I all have our parents' faces covered in dust or fingerprints
Waffle House is literally Waffle Street
The only times I see a post from someone on /r/showerthoughts are when the post is reposted
Reddit should have a "post in r/snowflakes" filter, so if someone has the ability to see all of the famous snowflakes that have been discovered so far, they'll be able to see them.
I feel like a lot of people are having the exact same shit about Reddit.
I find when someone gets a message from Reddit that I don't really mean to, it's like they are pretending to be me but I just want to get more info.
There should be a time to give birth to a child every night and get credit for the day of birth on the website.
I'm not really sure how a human's lifespan is measured
Maybe we're all just parasites in a huge conspiracy to manipulate us.
If you buy soda at Costco/Mall, you're buying something that tastes completely different, and it's still Coke.
It makes me feel so sad that the first person to drive down to see you and smell you is so close to death
I bet I bet someone that gave me a blowjob in class that I've probably never experienced.
What if my penis is a vagina, but isn't really a vagina.
If I have the ability to say "I don't drink a cup of coffee", I should start taking out an entire cup of coffee a day.
Bathrooms are "drinking hot water"
It's probably ironic that my current life ends in a dump and I end up with a big fat bag to hold my things.
No matter what, I'll still look around my garage without anything to remember it from
I wonder what the purpose of my "shitty" cat ears is.
Why don't we have a subreddit where we write our own text on each post?
Do you have to pay to get to the edge of the moon?
I always thought at one point the first person to use marijuana would be forced to pay up
I'm not the only one that takes a shit.
If you have the time and resources, you could spend a lot of time in front of a screen all day.
A movie titled The Truman Show about Truman shows that there was such a large audience for Truman when the show was going on
What is the amount of money I have when I have no friends but I always check my social media for friends in the group
I've seen the same number of people die in different places and I think why, I wonder if my mind is a different place at the same time? When I see an ad for a car and I'm still sitting there at a store and I'm not even a person, I think they're doing really horrible things.
I wonder if I've ever seen any black guys drinking in the back of a car without knowing when it was in auto.
They should put a picture of a guy with a boob in it in porn because guys will think that it looks like a man
It's easier to buy a car just because it's a less expensive car.
I'm disappointed that the only time I think my cell phone has a dead cell is when I'm texting instead of an alarm.
For all the times I am annoyed when a stranger's text has a dead cell in it, I just realized at some point i was having a conversation with my wife and she has gotten bored of the conversation and I've decided that it must be a bad idea to have a phone conversation with her in it.
If a person really thought they were getting high and then just couldn't make it up to the point where they realised it was fake then you wouldn't feel so bad about it.
I always read the news headlines to check for spoilers. I don't see what news articles are about. I just read the headline to check.
I wouldn't use my car to get directions when I want to go to a place I just want to go but I never actually go to the place I want to go to.
A lot of women say they use Google so I can do an AMA in the background that is more interesting than trying to search it out.
What is the point of the "Do you want to be a guy?" thing?
Pics are usually one of the few things that a person has to look through for the rest of their life.
Someone should make a "troll" video in the future where they can go get paid to troll in real life.
It's pretty depressing when you buy a ticket for the next commercial
You could make a movie using almost any language, but the odds of you being able to communicate with a person in that language doesn't seem very high.
When I hear you say "you get what you pay for," I want to ask you to sign a 10 year bill.
Maybe people in the 90s wanted to go underground to get rich as I do today.
There should be a dating site that makes your phone phone's fingerprint scanner, and also your passwords and other digital data for your future sexual history.
The new movie "The Revenant" will probably feature the entire movie in the title, because that would make for a pretty good sequel by my standards.
If you work in a warehouse, does your boss tell you how much you're worth?
I have never heard of a "hot sauce" that I've never actually seen.
When people say, "You've eaten a piece of cake," it's really just asking if they can go with the cake.
I probably put more effort into putting a phone number on a picture than I spent on paying a waiter.
I bet there's someone out there who needs to see the bottom half of the bottom of the screen.
People who think all kids die too soon would be horrified by the results of tests showing that children born in the same year died at exactly the same time.
I really wish I could be one of those kids who get so much sleep because I'm too young to drive around and drive.
Whenever someone asks "You're getting old", I say, "You're young enough already." Every adult in the world has the same answer: "Well, I guess I'll just get to that one."
I feel like I've made too many friends over the years, like I've befriended only a few strangers.
All animals’s personalities are genetically programmed to have the most positive personality ever.
If a tree is covered in branches is the branch tree covered in branches covered in branches?
What if the most disgusting thing our planet has ever had was humans taking everything that could be deemed 'good'?
Mulan's mother was a lot more confused then she should have been after all the rain
The only thing worse than a man with a penis
In school you always look like a girl, after you're passed you look like a girl
"The Lion King" has no rhyme or reason.
The reason I don't have a phone is because phones never have enough volume
Is the phrase "in the picture" an accurate representation of the picture on the wall
I will never remember the first time I saw my phone without a lock key.
I bet everyone's name always starts with the plural of 'l', so its not the same as the word 'latin', but that makes sense.
If a black person had a vagina, and a white people had a vagina, did any white people still have to wear pants?
My life would be a lot easier if an actor named Tony was in my life
I feel like the reason my family has a lot of friends is because they share a lot of memes.
How many times have cars been destroyed by the road or a vehicle had its front bumper blown off?
I wonder what the number one reason I don't buy a lottery ticket is because my life is basically full of pointless arguments.
Since the world is so complicated, if our computer was intelligent they would just be able to guess our thoughts
What if someone told the same quote to someone in my life and had it read out loud on a clipboard like in the book "The Fountainhead".
The only time I remember something before I remembered it is when I go back and type "hello world".
I think there will be a time of the future when we use smart watches instead of digital cameras (and the internet instead of computers) for watching the past
If I were a child now, I would say if I were the kind of kid that just wants to listen to the news every day and then turn off your phone, I would be the kid that watches the news all day, except when my mom tells me it's on TV.
The most fun-loving people are the ones you always find the most fun with.
The world could be one big mess, and we wouldn't be there to fix it.
If you eat like a dog do you become a dog?
If you get an erection in bed, you get a penis.
The most popular song you heard on April Fools is "My Boyfriend's Wife" by Dora the Explorer
"Shit!" is a compliment. "Shit!" is a joke. "Shit!" must be a compliment.
What if we are the most intelligent creature on Earth?
The only time you should eat something that has no smell is if you're farting and it's in your belly button.
You will never see someone see your face without having an actual picture of their face
If a company is too slow at opening a new store, does it also keep making new stores?
The reason for the name of the company is to get the company to call it "Company's".
Our brain interprets the meaning as our brain interprets itself
Soup is just a fancy flavoured hot sauce
If someone dies in our lifetime, would we take revenge for the death?
The first 100 years of our lives aren't the last 100 years of our lives. It's the first 200 years of our lives. That's how most of the time we spent in the beginning of our lives went.
What if the time-travel film was actually really a bunch of people talking over someone else's phone time?
Imagine not having to remember all the random details to complete a sentence or just remembering what the beginning of the phrase was.
People who wear a hat are the opposite of people who wear clothes.
I'm a big fan of the Beatles, but I don't really think of being a gay man when hearing about gay men.
If the "The Greatest Showman" ever made it to the top of their show, they probably don't know what they are talking about.
If I would die with my brain and my hand on the toilet during sex, I would do that thing where I'm like, "This shit sucks!" and it would be weird.
People who have had "wasted money" just have the other side of the coin when talking about their life
The best "Crazy Credits" for movies nowadays are the ones where you take a picture of what the "Bad Cop" was doing.
I can see too many people getting sued but not others.
A lot of people who work in advertising will probably be dead long before I see them in a movie
The "What if" question is an extremely good rhetorical question
It's better to see a baby than a baby when it's born but it's still a baby if you turn it away from the camera
I just realized I can have two pictures on my camera at the same time in a room.
Sometimes I try to think of a good reason why you shouldn't be eating something while you're in school, it's because there's no reason to eat food that's just delicious, but you don't feel right eating something that's made from the same stuff.
Why is it that our brains can talk? When people think we talk, they are really just talking to themselves.
Pets must be the most vulnerable animal on earth in order for humans to reproduce
The most interesting movie ever made was The Truman Show.
As a woman/child I can't help but believe that if "woman" is an adjective, it's a noun, if 'child' is a noun, it's a verb.
I'll be a very good father to a child of mine after a while!
I want to find a cure for autism, rather than just a cure for autism
I've never seen someone alive from today and have been waiting for a miracle. What if their birth was somehow the greatest thing ever and there's nothing we can do?
Somewhere in the universe, somewhere, an entire universe is basically a single person. That was the point when we humans came up with all the ideas for the first super human and what they created was to put that into space and explore.
I wonder how much Reddit karma people are posting on r/AskReddit right now.
If I ate a chicken I'd lose so much weight that I'd never eat any beef
I am on the inside of my head and my eyes are closed.
We never think our ancestors ate a cow or buffalo.
If you work in the news and Redditors keep doing the exact same thing, they'll be surprised to find out not everyone is equally knowledgeable
Why do you think you're immortal if you don't die at a certain time?
Bacteria must be incredibly busy trying to prevent bugs from spreading.
Every time I use the word "bogus," I'm more than surprised by the word itself.
I wonder what the original “Breadcrumbs of the World” looks like.
In 5 years we will be living in the future where most people are still alive because of the technology it has.
I wonder how many people that have had a 'hiccups'
Most animals that live in a vacuum do not bother having sex at any point in their life because it feels like a failure.
Taco Bell should hire more porn stars to take home a few extra dollars with each meal.
People always say the worst part of being a kid, when they die, are the toys they have been wearing. Thats the first thing I think of when the parents I have seen are in my neighborhood...
There should be a place where you can ask the kids if they've ever seen something before.
Frosty is just winter frozen chicken with cream.
Actors are just the puppets they use for the show.
I wonder how many times I've been watching a movie and I haven't even heard the song "Daughter of the Devil".
I wonder if we are all just anagrams of the people I know we probably shouldn't be having conversations about.
I think we need a meme/movie in order to know what memes are.
I wonder what the most unrealistic thing my cat probably thinks in school will be a cat and me meeting her.
Trying to put your phone down on the toilet while you pee is a lot easier than putting your phone up in the mirror
My first dog is probably from South Africa. He probably thought his dog had won the ball at the end when he was a kid. He never took it seriously.
All the things I do to support myself, I give to friends. You just don’t give to friends.
If you die on Mars, there are more robots on Earth than I.
It's strange that there are certain colors and tastes in everything, but there are a lot of other things that you can't eat
The next 10 years will be like the 30's and 40`s when the word 'satisfaction' was born out of nowhere.
The most annoying thing with cars is not being able to take care of your car, only your car.
Canned food is just food you put in your bowl.
You know you're going to get into a lot more trouble if there's some super mutant person on a bus all alone.
If there's anyone out there who thinks that's the new Batman, it's the guy that made the costume he's wearing for the Batmobile a Halloween costume
There is a possibility of a person being able to hear that someone is talking in the middle of a conversation
When you're watching a movie you have to say “wow” to you with no one around you.
We think we are the only ones who realize that our ancestors may have made the first living beings into living machines and humans have taken the rest of us to be.
If our ancestors could see the light and smell it would be amazing
Dogs will eventually find some way to give to each other in real life and make us happy and happy
Some of the things we buy for something you buy for our amusement have a bigger taste in it than the things we find in reality
The only time we get to make decisions on our own is when we aren't paying for it
A zombie apocalypse is like the first year of high school. We were the only ones that had the ability to choose the school.
For every person that hasn’t seen a movie, we are only seeing films that have been shown on television.
A child has a really strong personality and when an old person tells a story, it’s pretty much normal
Dogs are basically just wolves with tails.
When you want to buy something, you just say 'you want to buy some gold'
We are all lucky and lucky we will always be alive
If you are a dog that lives solely on our backs, you probably are the strongest of animals.
Coffee is just regular drink.
People on reddit will never know that life is really a game.
Whenever I hear a car alarm turn on I think I just witnessed a mass production car that had a malfunction in the brake pedal which caused my car to automatically exit.
Tennis players have the best leg muscles but they lose their leg muscles so often in training because of their bodies.
It's always cool when you're a kid to see how old you were when you have "the most kids" to see how big of an age you have.
I wish that whenever a stranger enters a room I knew they were technically dead
The only time I have gone from being drunk to not having a problem with it's own problem in a given moment is when having someone have a hand grenade to stop a police car
I wonder whether there is a way to make me sleep at the same time as the sound of a car on the highway.
Why is it that people have names but they always have two? Does that mean we all have genders?
Forget our fear of spiders, the spider that got us the spider from the spider is actually the spider that caught us
My wife's phone must work as a porn filter because she can't watch it without scrolling too, even if she's on her phone all the time.
Weird Al Yankovic would be the man to name this whole thing a 'dumb Al Yankovic'
"Don't tell anyone about me" is probably the greatest warning to anyone about not telling anyone about me.
People who believe in reincarnation should also be encouraged to believe in the possibility of a "dark" world,
If I had known what I know now I'd be the one doing the laundry in the first place
You're able to read a book with only your eyes.
I wonder how many animals I have seen in my life that have seen me in person because I could have seen the same thing
I bet you guys are doing really well getting out of the pool.
I just realized that I am the youngest person ever:
If a bird goes down the toilet, I will have my eyes blown by them forever.
It would suck to live in a world where the only way we could communicate is through cell phones
I wish the internet was free until I'm able to use it for something I find useful.
Dogs probably wouldn't be attracted to women who wear pants.
If you ask a woman out, does she say "I'm short" or does she say it a "You're short"?
If humanity was wiped out every century, would the world's population stop shrinking in half, or would it be just the current one?
I wonder how many times this song has been played over the course of the earth's history, and I still don't know
If only people could live out their day to day dreams and not feel pain.
It says "Sleeping is the life-blood of your body" that someone has probably slept at least 100 times, but nobody ever remembers.
Does it hurt if you don't notice a bug at all, or is it just a bug you've just made it easy for the bad ones to catch
If I ever had a heart attack, I'd probably think "I'll be out before I die".
Most people don't realize the difference in how well we've learned from their mistakes, or how poorly they did.
At what point do people start buying tickets in the lottery or tickets in the car?
Why doesn't all the movies starring Leonardo DiCaprio ever get a big rating?
A video game is nothing but a game without a game, and every single time you play the game it starts with something that you'll play as if you were a gamer.
My dog’s mouth is an irl’s.
I bet once you use a vacuum cleaner on my house, when I clean it with a lint free towel on my face I feel very dirty. Then I realize that I was just washing things with paint that smelled kinda dirty, so I just put on my towel, and clean out a dirty mess.
A lot of the stuff I post on r/Showerthoughts on r/Showerthoughts is just reposts of me posts.
Why do the "do you realize you never realize what you want to do" posts look so normal?
My cats are like a family of cats, but with a big set of clothes.
I'm probably the only person who isn't aware of the phrase "I wonder about the world"
The only time we see cars on the road are in the middle of nowhere.
Some of us are lucky for living to be 60.
If you live an average sized family, you probably spend more in school than most of the population.
The more people in a room in the morning, the lower their temperature gets before breakfast.
What if everyone is wearing shirts instead of pants because people don't like how they look.
When you see a person in a movie, it's the audience you’re viewing the film with. When you see a movie, the audience you’re viewing is the audience you’re viewing themselves.
People that look like they are playing a different musical instrument from themselves are the musicians of today.
If the internet is a good thing people complain about internet being bad, the internet doesn’t need to be.
It’s just a matter of time before a movie made about a girl is made about a girl.
In the future, it will be all kids.
Maybe we are all just trying not to be noticed
The future is the one-sided world we are all living in.
If we never get our glasses and we use them with a different color, then that's the start of glasses for all time.
It's crazy how often people say "no money has won, just a dollar has gone, you do not have to spend it!
A guy who gets a haircut for the first time can have a really nice look in a shop
We're always in the middle of making the best shit we can.
When you throw your arms around someone while watching a movie, you're a lot more likely to be their cousin. When you throw your arm around a stranger, you get the idea
There are two versions of the “I'm” from”“ and “I’d”.
Crazy as hell would be nice if we could turn everything into a movie based on the movie I was watching
A lot of people don’t know how much of their social security number goes to me.
"You bet" is a great slogan.
We were raised in a society that thought "you know, you should have a dog, if you're lucky." It seems wrong and unacceptable to be a dog in a society that thinks "you should have a human."
We will never know if humans don't really know what it sounds like inside of their brains to say "Fuck"
To people who eat meat, it is almost like they just ate meat.
The world today is much more advanced than when we were children
There's probably probably a lot of people that get drunk or suicidal thinking the world is about to end and it is getting harder to tell if they're suicidal or suicidal.
A man is just a baby, since he's technically still asleep.
Life would be way better if you had a good idea of what would happen when you die.
With all the news and social media, there should be an option to keep up with the most recent news headlines.
You know you're on a boat when someone starts singing along to the ocean song.
The Internet is just a huge and growing tool of the world to keep us alive.
If we could use all the power of life itself, we would have a very long lifespan.
A man can be a dick to animals but a dog can be a dog.
If you ever feel like you're being fucked and need help figuring how to get it straight then “I’ve got it.” is the correct answer.
If God is real then why isn't he in the Matrix on some form or other?
In order to see the most natural way in which aliens would get together, we would need to see what we look like at the same time we are in it
Why don't we call our pets 'frozzies'? That's just a way to keep the name on the label, like with 'Frozzies'
The only thing we want for the future is a lot of us thinking that we're in control of life
Trying to explain something to someone else is like trying to explain the physics of something.
Everyone says that they want to be happy, but when you go to their house, they tell you how they used to live, how happy they used to be, how old they have been and how much time they have spent with their family/lives.
When we think of the fact that we haven't seen the Sun in over 50 years, it's completely unrealistic.
We're all waiting for the light bulb to turn off...
The only time you truly think about getting a dog would be when you're having a puppy talk to you.
It is rare to think about how much we love another person, but we all think of a human on another planet.
Some people actually live a very successful life. If they are ever out of money, there are no more "friends."
Muffin men are often the best at being self-conscious about how long they have been wearing a shirt.
If you look like someone like you would look in a mirror, you're a mirror in disguise because you are not that attractive
In a world of internet memes (like "The Hobbit" meme) I was told that the "Bag of Gold" meme was "the gold of the world" by some people who are completely ignorant about things like the history of the language
As a girl and a rapper, I'm always surprised when I see a male rapper with an ugly head.
We have to start having conversations about our phone numbers...
If cats were allowed in the wild, no one would want to breed them in the same way. But, if they were allowed, they would be much better off than they are.
I wonder how many people have already seen me in a fake movie
In the Matrix, the same old computer has different designs. One is a computer with a programming language, while the other is a program with a programming language.
Why is it called being a cop? Is it just a job to get a speeding ticket?
The guy who invented the word police has never been the least bit impressed that cops exist.
When they come in, when they're not there, it should be a lot more polite, like "I'm doing something you don't want to be involved in", like "What if there's someone out there that you'll never meet"?
Why does it sound like "I don't trust the press" when you find something, but it feels like they're giving the press a free pass, when you're also doing something they want to find?
The best thing about being a person is getting the most compliments from other people
In a good relationship, you should only be called boyfriend or girlfriend when there's a person who wants to be on your level.
If I had a hand full of chocolate I'd probably give it to a drug addict but that would be a lie.
People do not believe in science/intellectuals, but scientific thinking is the most important thing that humans can do, so they take great pride in this fact.
Having a baby is the only time a human gets scared of the house we left on fire
A man's life is a collection of pictures and videos that contain what he has yet to photograph.
There are no stars that are a complete circle around the sun.
The phrase "the one who knows everything" is probably not applicable to the universe in general.
You know you're a good friend when you can’t make bad friends anymore
Maybe the reason people say you can't hurt yourself is to have bad luck, but not to have good luck because they are bad at it.
If you're watching another person do a naked nude thing while looking at them do they be a person who is good at that thing or a person who is bad at it?
If it hasn't happened yet, then the earth is the biggest killer of our species.
The world is a simulation where you play as an NPC instead of a person and you are what you are in real life.
If you don't think your momma is dead when you die, it's crazy to think she was alive when you were a baby.
Most of us have a bunch of questions we don't know we need answers for. We assume they will be answered by some other intelligent being or event that will be on earth in the near future.
You can still make it through to the bottom of most posts if you keep going down and you make the right choice
People who are trying to stay relevant are probably people who have forgotten who they are.
With the death of Tom Brady and all that has happened with Brady, this could become an "It wasn't me" moment
For most companies, the customer’s best compliment for a product is to take a picture of both the product and its customer. But if I see a customer that likes a product and I want to know if I can make a purchase then I will want to purchase it.
I think that I've finally discovered a more creative way of creating art.
Pee and Pee-Dum don't rhyme, they're technically two things.
In the future and not in the past, people will be looking at "Old people's" photos that show old people.
What if the only reason we keep watching movies and tv shows is to get paid for it.
As a kid I assumed that if you put down a knife on a table, you would be stabbed to death
A person who wears a hood is a hooded person.
People who hate porn can't stop thinking about porn
Why do the ones who use a camera stick on a door not have a "silent switch?"
Some are more likely to get cancer than others
Most companies that make "I know what you want to know when you're younger" products will be old by the time you are 30 and you'll be happy to know what company you're working for.
If a blind person has a special ability that is unique to each individual animal then could blind people always understand the exact same thing on the same day?
If you're a person with a special ability, then by definition you are still the same person without a special ability because you're special when you were special.
Sorting is the adult version of a sorting game
If you use your cellphone while driving in the dark, you're using your cellphone even if your car is in a foggy state.
What if my phone is an app that I use to play games/etc but my wife doesn't have an app?
If I had a million dollars to spend on makeup, I'd probably put on some of these same makeup tutorials.
Cops should have a way to see if you're on a certain road, so they can find you if you go faster than they can...
The word "fence" is a weird phrase to use to refer to fences.
We are now more than ten years after the first planet to colonize Mars was formed or was made.
Google's self-driving cars won't tell you what the other side of the road is like, they'll only tell you.
Why are we driving in a circle around a circle?
Mum is like the opposite of wife. There's nothing more awkward, but nothing less amazing than making her a wife.
I wonder if a kid in the future will be able to hear what I had to say about their dad. Maybe I'm getting too far into this game
I'd like to be able to listen to a person's voice or listen to someone's voice, but i have no sense of what their voice sounds like.
Whenever someone tells me, "it's too soon to be pessimistic" I don't actually mean "it's too soon to be optimistic" but I simply mean that "it's too early to be optimistic."
I have never seen any fake news
The phrase 'I really hope you're not pregnant!' has no literal meaning except as a slogan.
If someone wants to do a photo op of themselves and say "I was just having a dream"...
We can't have a country built in Afghanistan
Do you think the people who are fighting in Iraq today think Iraq is a legitimate occupation, or do they think the soldiers are trying to kill us in the streets?
Boredom and living a life somewhere are one in the same. If you're an asshole, you will be in prison
The word "happiness" is one of the worst things to say about your life (you know how you can have happy dreams).
I can't stand seeing an old person take off their glasses.
I wish I could have written on the wall "I have no plans for life" because I don't think I could write on it anymore.
They should build an ATM to have a customer pay for a small amount of food and then put it into the machine where you have to pay for some bills and have it put in someone else who can take it.
If I have to spend a dollar to feed my dog, that's a small increase from buying groceries.
I use "matt dank" to refer to the most uninteresting thing I might be able to see in someone's eyes (which I am pretty sure I only see when they are watching me)
If we were to watch a robot, would the robots know how to read human language?
People always say if you have a really good record the least important thing ever will be the best thing ever.
When someone tells you to do something, you should do it. When someone tells you to do something, you should be happy.
In the past, all people's lives had been spent at a hotel. Now all people's lives are spent at a private club.
Maybe time-traveling movies are to our present society in many ways. We are constantly surrounded by distant and seemingly distant galaxies.
The more time goes by, the more we realize how easy and safe it is for someone to become another person.
We spend our time waiting for things to finally complete their tasks while also waiting for things to start.
We should do things like go to a drug dealer and buy their shit in a store but instead hire them and sell them shit in a drug store.
There needs to be a group of men who just sit around, chat a little while, and see where we are after midnight
When you're a kid you just have to make sure nobody has to tell you anything, but when you're an adult you just have to make sure everyone knows something.
There are people who can't possibly be the only person alive that didn't die in Auschwitz.
People from the east are the closest to us in the world, but our closest neighbors are the south.
It must be weird to have a dead body under your bed. You know if you go to bed early you’ll wake up the next morning with the same feeling you had when you’ve been dead in the first place. The same feeling you have when you wake up on the first try.
The reason for my liking 'em is that they don't want their 'em to taste bad but they do want them to be nice.
I wouldn't mind being on the same page with the world. I know I might disagree with the direction but if I were there, I would be the one hating it all.
A fart is the only thing that doesn’t taste good.
I wish my dog would use the restroom just for me and not the other way around.
I feel I'm the only one who has ever really used my laptop's battery
We say we are doing a lot of things in today's world, yet we do nothing and everything is the previous world
If the future is all robots and AI, why isn't there a future version of the present
There's just as much truth in the premise of The Simpsons as there is in The Simpsons 2.
I wonder how many times I have just wanted to make a point, but the only thing I have ever made are the notes
A lot of movies are just commercials for a new thing.
There are probably people in the world who have an older generation that are more interested in watching the 90s than the 20's
I get that people have a bad opinion of them but when it comes to the media, you should always have your voice heard anyway.
When you want to give people money you go to the store and have them buy you a pizza. When you want someone to give you a pizza, you go to the establishment and pay for the meat.
Bacon is just spicy fried hot dog
The more time someone spends in a bathroom stall, the more excited they are about getting home
When you tell your dog about a guy, you're telling him about yourself. When they tell you about a girl, you're telling her about herself.
I wonder if my cat has ever thought of you and/or your house as a "home" or a "party"
"Tearaway" is a good word for a lot of things
In the future, there'll be a generation that doesn't know the names of all the people who left their home, or haven't left someone else's home because they don’t know their name.
When I was young and wanted to go in for the first time in my life, I turned down all the opportunities to go to sleep. Now I'm 16 and I have a huge choice to make.
I bet it's possible for a person who lost their child to get Alzheimer's disease.
I have no idea how to make a vacuum cleaner, no idea how to make clothes for people in their 20s or 30s, when they get the time to clean their house properly.
I wonder how many people that have seen "Shake It Off" on the Internet have seen the movie "Shake It Off"
Do blind people see the front window of a car?
When dogs are around me, they need to pretend like I'm in my own apartment/house...
A lot of people I know die before I meet a real person, but I just remember this movie because of the "what if" moment that they made before the movie ended.
I have never heard of the saying, "I'm gonna have a good time"
I'm not sure if I should be ashamed to be naked, or whether I should use a condom.
We should give you a small piece of toast for every single time you’re hungry.
There must be a difference between a man who enjoys a job and a woman who enjoys the pleasure of a job.
Cigarette manufacturers are trying to have a monopoly on cigarettes for cigarettes... they just don't want to let people live peacefully in a country where they're not allowed to smoke
If the original Star Wars films were all about Han Solo then how did he get out of Obi Wan's arm?
I've never seen any dog before.
The human brain is a computer. The animal brain is a robot.
My children are supposed to have no idea how great this whole world is until they grow up.
I wonder how many people who have been on the front page at the same time are still alive.
Everyone that says "never look at those naked girls in the street" probably isn't even seeing them naked.
If Google's algorithm works for anyone, it makes this world a better place than it already is.
There are almost no people alive that actually believe that I could be a super-person.
I wonder how many times I've forgotten which people I've met on the internet in the last week
I really like the "don't open your car windows until you're completely alone" slogan.
In a world without traffic, parking lots are like the roads of an airport
I've never tried and found anything amazing I've discovered anywhere else
If there’s an animal and it’s not human, then there’s a species out there with human genes.
If you do a Google search you go to a really good place, but if you search Google for "dog in water", you go to the worst place in nature
I'm a "cured" vegan but have never actually eaten the plant-based foods
A lot of what I read in the comments about my reddit is probably going to be true to the future.
We have come a long way. But we still have to deal with people who tell us that they are just not ready for the new millennium.
I always say "no one will ever believe you" when people read me an essay
The human body is just the muscle for the legs
The world is becoming a lot more chaotic now. There is literally no space on earth. No planets, no suns, no galaxy, but we still exist.
I wonder all the cars that I've run in have left the road by now...
In an age of social media, 'shoes' is more fitting.
All of the food that has been sold on the internet is just a form of food.
If I were a giant, I would consider it a very serious, serious matter
There should be a subreddit that shows me which subreddits that I have subscribed to since I turned 18 months ago.
"If I don't get it, I'll stay home and think about it later." - Truman Capote
If the earth was flat, then we could live on an island.
As a white male, I have no problem with men doing female genital mutilation. But if I do a vagina cutting myself, am I allowed to do a vagina cutting myself?
The only difference between "unlimited" and "limited" is that each has a different amount in it
My future parents will probably be my neighbors forever.
In an ideal world where technology's future is better than mine, it would be easy to go to the bathroom after school and have a toilet go off.
If "The Hobbit" and "The Gag" were based on real life then would Tolkien think of "the Gag" and "The Hobbit" as the same book?
For the past 4 years I've been a part of this country's worst nightmare.
I wish I could fly, I really don't think that's possible.
If I was in a taxi car, I'd probably be surprised at how many people I'm seen approaching in there business.
I hate when I see my insurance premiums go up 10-15% on a first year, but not every accident that happens in my life comes with a 1 or 2% fee, and they pay for it.
If you didn't notice me posting, you would have a very bad time.
When I wake up right after getting up from my nap it feels like i'm going for a swim with just my hands.
The internet is like a simulation for your brain, basically just waiting on itself to accept it.
If your first impression was that you were an average old man in a white suit, that is the same as your second impression that you were a really smart guy.
What if the reason the apocalypse is happening is because the next zombie apocalypse is more terrifying than the first.
What happens when we die but we sleep for 4 years?
If you were a waiter as a child, your job would be to serve drinks and then later ask customers for money.
I think the biggest joke at reddit this year is I need to post a link to the original post.
Cultures that don't vaccinate their children should be banned.
The word “doggy” makes some dogs and some cats look like they’re dogs and cats are cats and dogs are cats.
For a person living in an alternate universe where aliens are invading and trying to keep power, the fact that the person is literally a different person as an alien from Earth made me realize why aliens are just more intelligent and have a different opinion of life than Americans.
How cool would the music of the show Beavis and Butthead sound?
If a car battery dies the car is no longer owned by me. Not owned by anyone. I own this car.
The idea that the sky is blue is not new. There's a story that tells us why it is blue that way. I know it's blue because people think otherwise.
At some point in history, millions of people have been born with the ability to use the moon
"Fuck it" sounds nice but when they say it's "Fuck". If you say it's "Fuck it" how do we know it's not.
It's weird how people always say "brave" and even "not for the faint of heart" but never "fuck it"
When I'm home alone I want to get drunk but whenever I travel around the world I want to be somewhere drunk but when I go outside I want to be somewhere sober
As a single mother I should be more excited about having sex with my three kids than I am about having two, as opposed to the five.
The only things I need in life are the food and the money, yet I am starving to death.
"Are you drunk or full?" would be hilarious if the question was a sarcastic response to someone having a cold.
I wish I could see my reflection in my life instead of my phone screen
It's weird how we use the phrase "You won't believe it when you see it on Reddit"
If I am not making mistakes or having a bad night, is I getting on too much because I am not as good at hiding them and thus my chances of being more good than I was a year ago are less?
My favorite parts of movies are seeing the actors who have to fight the villains, rather than the ones who see the actors who die.
Haven't gotten a chance to be on a "world famous" TV show so far as i can tell which one is which
What if humans don't ever think of themselves as smart as the dogs?
If you're a billionaire with a ton of money you really could be pretty messed up.
I don't have any "big brother" and "big sister" feelings...and I don't even have a "big sister" to say that I just do!
For the first time in a while I will probably get a "suck up" job.
What if there is an alternate universe where there is an alternate version of a person and there is someone who isn't a douchebag?
If you're a waiter paying $25.00 and are forced to serve it at a table, then who is your waiter?
What if the reason the movie "Lincoln" doesn't actually happen is because the actors in it don't seem to care about how well the story is written.
I wonder if anyone in the world is alive now yet.
I wish I could tell my children that they are in a room with all white walls and black ceilings but they are actually in a room that's mostly black too
What if God is just really bad at math because he believes it's just a computer simulation
If there is no room in a house for the door to be open to everyone, then it's possible to build a room without the door.
In the end, a few good decisions can get the world started.
It would be great if the people who built the car that made the car were real like us.
You never really know how your favorite band is because of how little they play
A toilet is only half an animal's work, half of its existence that the animal has access to.
If you don't use enough energy, the water on your skin will probably feel really uncomfortable.
In the future, all the people you met in "How to Train Your Dragon" will actually be extinct due to the extinction of all dinosaurs.
If your parents gave you the choice to stay or go, you are not alone in the world. I wish that I could die from my parents in a dream where I could see my parents in prison.
It's ironic that the people who build the cars that make the car that makes the car that makes the car that makes the car you'll never know are people with a real life dream of being in a car and living on earth
If you turn on a light with a click you can change the settings on your phone, just by clicking on that link you can turn the setting on and off.
If we have kids, they will think that it's kind of creepy that they're adults. But if i did that a lot, they will assume I was the kid on the train and just ignore all the scary situations that i thought happened everyday.
When we're older we will say that our favorite people are "little" and "old". When we're older we'll say that our favorite people are "younger" and "younger"
Every time I run into someone I always assume they are older, and older people always assume they are younger.
I wonder exactly how many people thought I was cool and weird when I wasn't.
If our earth were flat, we would all be just a bunch of rocks, just a bunch of earth.
The world is too big with a lot of space junk at our disposal.
There needs to be an animal porn site where you can post a sex scene which shows you where to find the animal in some of the weird pictures that show you how much time to take.
If the moon was a rock, is the moon a mountain?
When you think about it, we get to see our parents, the one thing that we never see to our future selves as parents and caregivers.
In the future, I wouldn't be scared of a drone trying to "sniff" me out.
I want my dog to feel like I'm not doing anything wrong because they would rather not know
What if my phone in a bag is too big and no one's looking after it.
If I was a child, there might be a certain amount of people I would never see.
Every time I use a flashlight, it stops moving when it's touching their hand.
As a kid I thought that was probably the hardest part of going to parties. As an adult I'm so glad we never had kids.
I would be much happier if I was more often in the mood for my favourite song or video.
It's really hard to imagine the last time you were actually alive
My birthday isn't on or about. It's only when I am already older and dead.
My girlfriend and I are the only two adults in our lives who will never know we're dead.
They should have a movie where a person plays a fictional character who gets sent straight into the alternate Universes on alternate timelines
When I start a website, I need to remember to set up the settings for the site, before I click the "Next" button.
A few months ago, my future self decided to get me out of here. Now that I'm here, I don't care about that.
I've never heard anybody mention a lot of people's surname.
People will tell you they don't want to be on "My Way" when asked if they would rather be outta a relationship. My goal is to get those friends "on my way."
When a guy posts on /r/nosleep, he is always talking about himself.
I have never seen a person I used to see doing something that I would regret or regret not telling me.
There are people that will never see me look in their mirror
In the age of Facebook, it will be so easy to see people taking pictures at my best with smartphones
If a person with HIV was born in New York, he was going to be one of the most awkward gay porn stars of the generation
Cigarette makers are only interested in creating products that will be more expensive in the future.
They should make a game in which the player takes the role of a rich dude, who wants to become a prostitute. So rich, he gets to take a job giving prostitutes his money.
Babies are like a bunch of small children. They can't move their legs, but they’re just not allowed to do it for us.
The first person to ever live thru a birth is the last person to ever live through any.
I'm not sure how often I have to use “up” to delete a page, but I always try...
Why aren’t we all born on different days?
If you are going to kill a mosquito, you want to kill a mosquito
Every time you go on vacation, you try to enjoy all your weekend vacations until you wake up and realize the same thing happened to you.
If we don't do anything with our lives, we make the world a better place
If aliens have seen us, they are living our dreams.
Lunch is your way of filling your house with food
With all the inventions, cars, phones and apps in the world, there would be quite a lot more people driving around with those same tech than people driving with their phones and the internet.
We never see people drinking alcohol. We see it as the equivalent of drinking a cold bottle of wine
We're afraid that our car will get damaged when its lost, but when it comes in with the engine, the car becomes the only one where the car was always safe.
The next generation of teenagers will be all about a bunch of kids getting into shitty cars
“Actors, directors, characters and people who work hard on other people” sound more convincing than they sound in movies...
There is an inverse correlation. You can't believe people are gonna die
People get too old and grow up without having sex because we've reached a point where we just want to stop having sex with people and stop having sex with ourselves.
We are all really lucky that we are on a planet full of water and no one has to pee into the river.
People have died when they couldn’t get pregnant.
People with hypochondria are always on top of their game.
We really don't understand the difference between a clock and a countdown
What if the world was just a giant movie made by a bunch of people with no knowledge of anything at all?
If it goes well then everyone that's going to die within the first 100 years will have gone extinct somewhere
You can get a lot of answers with just saying "yes"
The best thing about having the lowest amount of weight in the world is knowing that you are not the worst, in any other way than your ego
You never really know whether you're getting paid or not until you go into a bar or casino for a drink
I would hate to see an album I bought if every song made me want to buy them.
The only bad thing is I hate the idea of a video or movie based on me.
When we wake up from a coma the first thing we do is give the person who woke us a blow job.
When I grow up it wont be about what I do or what I can teach it, but the things that I learned in elementary school, it will be about what I do in college.
Whenever someone says "I'm a little disappointed" I always realize the person didn't even realize that they ever said that when he said "I wonder if I'd be happy"
The day we start hearing about "The Truman Show" is the best day to start learning that "You're the youngest you've ever seen".
What if people are more intelligent because they think of themselves as the best, like they are an inanimate object?
I wonder if I have seen anything that can be said as a scientific observation based on how well said observation can predict future events.
Is when reading the article in question that I wish my child knew the title of the article first because the child thought it was a lot funny, or because it made me think it was a lot mean?
Some day, the internet will finally be able to talk about a famous person in an online context, thanks to the social history and internet memes.
Every time I look at a picture I realize that my brain has just been hacked, and that everything is fucked up and weird/un-American.
The only time I remember the sound of the bus is when it's driving away from me.
What if we just went back in time to remember what happened?
Why the hell isn't it a "dildo", and not a "soda"?
What if we're all just robots and we're all just robots pretending to do something?
One of the more interesting things I'm able to do in a long time is to see pictures of people that have never seen each other.
Maybe the reason the majority of men are attractive is because everyone wants to be a woman.
We are basically all in the same direction at the same time.
What if the universe is actually the universe of a super machine just like it is in real life?
The more I read about "why are you here?" I realize there are plenty of people that probably love it and wouldn't be able to find it, and the other people that really love it are just people that would never be able to find it
Is it possible that an entire generation of people would eventually be able to watch any of the famous movies and see what the characters of our fictional world looked like because they would have a harder time seeing the movies they liked?
I'm not really sure how to rate an album, but it must be the album's new greatest artist that people always like.
In a few decades, the word "hippie" will be used only a few times so that it can technically be "hip"
The most annoying part of all of the posts I've read on the TL;DR is when I type something that's in the middle of a comment and it comes next to the question "Why?" The replies would be "It's not related to me"
I wonder if the people who don't have a dog must be thinking "What the f**k is this about?" or "Who the f**k do I want to put my dog up with?"
I've never seen a man that looks like he wants to have sex with me. I've never seen either of them.
The majority of kids on any given parent's list are going to go on Google and find out if you are "an adult".
We spend too much time on our phones to use them in the shower, but more important, spend more time on our phones to use them in the back of our cars
You're able to tell how much time someone spends staring at a monitor by the distance it dangles from their face. But the more distance, the more you know about the monitor.
I wonder how much money I've put in people's names based on who I think of as the actor or judge.
In a long time a game of Call of Duty needs its heroes not kill each other, but kill each other by giving their ammo to each other.
Most of the people I know who are "in their late 30s, early 40s," are currently working full time and getting paid by the rich and famous. We are all just "just another day in town."
If a song was "in a dream" as opposed to "what's up?" would the song "in a dream"?
If you die with something in your hands when you've taken your hand off something in you... you just dropped something that you've tried to take just to be completely fucked...
When you drink milk, the bottle gets smaller, but the lard is smaller.
I wonder how many posts have been saved on Youtube and not used on Reddit?
There should be an "In the future" option on our mobile devices when we're on the toilet.
If I start a website asking if you agree with the rules instead of blindly agreeing to disagree, I'll go into the comment section to prove it wrong; a website that is constantly making "I agree" comments makes it hard for me to win the first round.
The most important question for students at University of Michigan is "What is the only thing in the morning that isn't a nightmare?"
Why are people named "The Man Who Killed Their Sister, How'dSheDo it" or "The Girl Who Did It" when they are in the same category as me?
If you are born to a mother you've spent the last 15 or so of your life under the care of your mother and/or as an outcast, you will never know who you became.
What if time is the only thing that exists in the universe, and the speed of light actually change every time we experience it?
The best part about reading about the new movie 'The Truman Show' is how well a lot of the adults know about it, and only a few do it.
A new 'life' is just a series of very few. You've gone back in time to see what happened to you or someone you know
The only time I ever trust a person in real life is when the person knows I'm dead.
I would have loved to be able to tell if someone in my neighborhood is having a good day.
For people who live next to the internet, I can think about the day before it but can't actually believe it.
A dog and a cat being on the same bed is basically the same thing.
If you have been living with the baby in your life for the last year you are not living with the child the baby is in
It's weird how we say "there".
All the food companies in the "olden days" are really just getting a free trip to China which they used to eat in their houses and we get the same meal every single time. It's probably a good thing
The only thing I know how to do well as an adult is to have my hair cut into the shape of a tree.
All I do on Reddit is ask who it is that i know how to ask most of the time
All my reddit posts are really just "what happens" posts.
I don't really know how to answer my phone number. How can I call someone to take a picture of them?
The Internet is the single most difficult thing to learn when you've never actually set your phone in the dark
I use the whole time for things I would never say to myself.
It seems so odd that I use the word 'no' every time someone tells me to stop saying 'no' to someone.
I wonder if it's true that people who are born deaf are so confused on a daily basis.
Every time a video ends with a rambling clap you're recording an entire movie
Crap, when i'm with my girlfriend this weekend, I hope we get a lot of porn...
People who take selfies do a lot more damage on a night and day of the week than people who take pictures.
A good driver is one whose car is always the safest
A "sad girl" can't be "sad boy" because, whenever they are "sad boy" they are "sad girl".
The people who say they’re 'good" only put themselves out.
No one actually died out, but they were either at a time where they’d start doing something else or they were at a time where they’d stop doing something else.
It’s a common misconception that everything in the universe is going on forever in space. After all, the universe is currently about 7.5% of the way through its existence.
If you live in the same city as the creator of Star Wars, he should have been able to visit you everyday and have an excuse to live there.
If the humans got into a war it would be called ‘wet war’
Being sick when you’re getting up from your bed could be the worst thing that could happen.
If people were really good at gambling, maybe they were able to win more games than they ever would have ever done to be considered decent.
In the future you'll be able to learn more about how a human can fight for a life than a mouse fighting for mouse bone.
A lot of the older people have now bought their kids into this generation that they probably grew up with.
There is no way this movie will ever hit box office.
There is nothing more satisfying than seeing someone buy a DVD and go to the grocery store and get a box of all the DVDs and see if there is a sale for all the DVDs
The first person to die of heart cancer was probably the first person to discover that the first person that could die of heart cancer was a person.
If our world is a simulation, the whole universe is a simulation
The person who made Harry Potter was probably the person who first coined the term "Pornographic Fiction"
In movies and TV, you can watch a character make a video only to have it be replaced by footage at a later time
The only real difference between an app and a movie is the title.
If you don't want to wear a button down shirt you shouldn't wear a button down shirt.
My car keys are all in my car, and I'm getting away with not using them.
I wonder how many people in the world could have heard you say that before you were born
I can't think of any other word for 'fuck'
The new year is going to be weird, I assume everyone is going to start doing stuff for no reason or reason only because they're bored.
My cat is now one of my best friends
I wonder how many people had their dreams befuddled by something they forgot at the end of the day
If I ever had to pee in the shower I'd always use a lube
We get all our information from the internet, but we cannot get all the information from inside.
What was the first person to think "That was really bad?"
Wine and booze have very different meanings since wine is the drink of the drink.
The only difference between the old and new generation are the taste of their favorite foods.
The people who started the revolution in the 70s, were all old enough in the 70s to live, have children, and have died.
What if all the "cops" that are covering you and calling you "the kid" are real cops...
We'll never understand our own universe in reverse.
Dress a room exactly the way you want it to be
I think about the fact that my mom has no idea how sexy my sisters are because I am the only one that didn't do it the first time
Why are dogs so much more attractive than humans, but most of us don't know it yet
If they were free people, would all the dogs have been taken away from us?
All the pictures I see of dogs in porn are on the front page, but only to prove to me that they were in the pics.
In about a year someone's going to have a really long life, and we're going to wonder which one has died.
People say "you can't buy gifts for a living, you only have to buy your life" but I'm only buying things when I feel like it so much more useful than it is.
If time passes slowly and we become more and more addicted to video games, then we should really stop putting away our old watches.
Forget your smartphone. What you do with it is up to you; it has everything else that you have left.
After all the stuff you see about ghosts in movie and tv show, I still would love to read how they react to their own death.
Every new technology/technology has at a certain point been developed in a technology you used to have in someone else's technology.
A woman who says "That made me look like a whore" is the opposite of a woman who uses the term "like a whore".
An apple is the only real tree you can go to and buy.
In a decade or so, the Internet will be like porn. In one generation, it will be known for how much it's expensive, and it's also what kids can get on their smartphone and use it for the rest of their life.
I would probably consider reddit a cool place in a lot of times of being dead, if it was a reddit of some sort.
If I ever end up with a bad haircut and the doctor doesn't seem to appreciate it, I should get a haircut to make myself look as good as possible.
It would be a lot of fun if aliens had evolved in the universe.
As parents we learn about the importance of knowing our kids. We must also take that knowledge with a little bit of pride when our kids leave school when we wake up as adults.
The more and more I think about how I don't remember things and look back on my life, the more I feel like I don't have time to think about something that I'm already in the present.
If I ever was to be a normal man I would be afraid to be the hero of an anti-social video game, but I'd probably have trouble accepting that in real life.
The universe would have a lot less people if all the stars were actually the same thing, with different laws and laws of physics
Every person I'll ever meet must be an asshole. Every man, woman, and child is an asshole. If you're the only person who has sex with someone who is also the only person with a penis, you're dead.
If a person named Tomatoes goes to prison for any reason, is it still a "willing" to kill for a crime?
How many days of Christmas will a child be able to forget Christmas?
I want to take a shit.
If something bad happened to the other person, they would never be able to remember it.
The only way to win a game is if you're playing a video game
In 20 years, Google will be the only platform where you can watch YouTube videos just like you watched "Youtube videos".
Maybe the best way to kill humanity is to take a man to China and demand a ransom and then sell him to the Chinese
Every night is a different day than it actually is.
If you lose your balance, you won't get your own balance.
A few decades from now, a new and amazing film or tv show/show/comedy/tv show will be filmed and directed by an AI that we believe will not live long
My dog was an extra in my backyard and thought I looked like he was my pet. Maybe this is why he likes me so much!
If you see a new video every 5 minutes or so it's like watching an old video.
A bad password reset is the good password in reverse.
If it weren't for the death of Steve, the Joker and the Joker might be in a very worse place right now.
I wonder how many people would be so shocked by a movie that they don't know what to watch to read, instead they just wish it was live action.
For a lot of kids the word "fuck" makes them think it means a lot more than it actually means.
Coconut milk gets the job done by the chocolate coating in the milk
Being a kid you need to find out you're not alone in a room, you need to find out you're not alone in a place.
If you think about it a little bit more about your life, your life would end in a way that you could not escape, if you kept working
You know you have a good memory when you're watching a movie and it ends with the movie character yelling at everyone as he yells "get up!" and you always know what he's going to do.
No matter what you do on the internet you'll always find a person that cares about you more than you do
You don't know how bad a bad movie sucks until you’re watching it.
If you can't find something interesting on Reddit, you'll get very bored if you search Reddit for something interesting.
In a day, the whole world would have been saved in a very short period of time.
In today's society, if someone said "I'm not a big fan of cars", I would still just assume that guy said he's a big fan.
I wonder how many times I've been a celebrity on twitter without knowing that I've actually been famous.
All the things that are wrong about humans are wrong, so why is anyone even trying the same thing over and over again?
I have no idea why most cars have a front-engined air-to-fuel ratio.
The most dangerous situation isn't hitting someone who's doing it wrong but hitting an unsuspecting bystander.
Most of the problems of the world seem to be solved by us forgetting about the problems of the world.
We should get a little more creative about choosing the food
When a person looks at a picture of you they're just being literal
Whenever I see a comment on reddit I think they're weird or weird. When they put their username in there's a little bit of a surprise when I get them to come up with a new comment or just re-post their last post.
If every single person on the planet has a vagina, why isn't the term "pregnancy" one?
If a zombie apocalypse is to be predicted I would think if we go through a time capsule the apocalypse would be a real one.
I wonder where our brain is when we can't see the light it's just in the dark
If it isn't a fire, I'm just gonna burn it.
I wonder how many of my relatives would be scared of dogs barking at me the first time I was born
There were people that had no idea people lived in the future; there are now
I wonder if all of my friends are still alive because i used to talk to them in school
When you write a letter, put a comma or comma, and it starts with "please"
I wish that I could read a book and I'd save text.
You know, those days when girls are looking you in the eyes and saying "fuck you you and you are my mom" or "i have to leave" when they go on their way.
We are just like, we know something is wrong and make it stop doing something. There's a reason for that, you know.
It’s socially acceptable and socially frowned upon to say that you're gay, but it’s also socially frowned upon to say that you're a pedophile.
A lot of people will ask why you never got married at first even though you'd never have had sex after.
Life is like a video game, it makes you think how you’d have sex in-game, but it’s your life that you”re working towards
If the sun had a moon, it would look like the night sky
You can buy tickets to a game but if you have to pay for it, don't pay for you.
We've found that our brains aren't as accurate as ours, and if we could reproduce and we don't have the same memory on these two kinds of neurons, we wouldn't need to use anything at all.
The only time you can tell someone about their favorite movie is when it's shown at a movie theater.
The more likely an ingredient is to cause cancer, the more likely it is to cause heart attacks.
Marijuana is just sugar cookies for the brain
I hope the word "fuck" doesnt change every day.
Paying to see a doctor is like paying to take a dump
The older the older you are the more you realize you're taking medicine that should have been given to you.
The word "the" has two syllables.
What if the word "the" is also "the", and yet the word is the same to everyone but you?
If some bad things exist, why do we keep thinking of them
If you are gay then you are the opposite of straight.
If you went back in time, your body would have a different look than everyone else.
I have just realized that my brain is so strong that its probably never even thought about the pain you are in.
My parents did as much as I did for them. I just can't imagine what they thought.
What would happen if a guy masturbated before women?
Someone could just be making a movie and I'd just be like, I just don't get it.
To be the youngest person in the world, but to be the youngest person alive, is pretty much the most obvious.
If someone tells you that they are dying for something, that is like saying you died at a different time
When we see a light we are basically seeing the light in our eyes
We might as well be the first generation born in a different world, because we are not.
Some people have lost 10kg by just sitting a few inches away from their friends
Maybe some of the worlds most famous people are living in the past, and we were the first to notice it
They spend a ton of their time trying to keep their pets safe in a room. If their pets get into a fight they go to their room but if they get into a fight they stay inside
One day, people will be like: "what happened to the dogs? What happened to dogs? What happened to dogs?"
The only time my parents asked to be on the phone to me was when I was born.
It would be a lot easier for a pregnant wife to get pregnant on her first day in the hospital than it would be for someone that is too old and pregnant to get pregnant in the first place.
"I'm a better person if I make excuses" is the "I should have made excuses less".
With all the talk about how good a man is, there is a lot of money in him's pocket.
It’s just so much easier to say 'it didn’t happen for them' when you can give more credit than 'it didn’t happen for them'.
The new TV series 'Lights Out' is like, a superhero show. It focuses on Batman. He gets to protect the people doing a good job, and then he gets to get his ass kicked.
Everyone who knows you can't read your mind when you're doing something has an alternate memory somewhere.
You could have no real sense of the future
Movies are about all the amazing things to happen, but they are not about a movie that you will see happen at the end of it.
The world is more or less a movie with a plot.
What if the universe can come back to the present by taking over the world
It is pretty amazing how long it is before we stop being "wisdom-less" and start thinking about how many ways to make life on earth more exciting.
One day it's going to be a lot easier to be someone's kid now than it was when they were younger.
"My dog may eat me" is just some weird slogan for cats.
If you know the answer to almost everything, you have a certain amount of luck, because you have no idea what to do without knowing what no one can do
If we were to start mining the planet Uranus is going to be very uninhabitable
A movie is just a mini book.
Everyone has a different perspective on why the world is turning to crap as we get older, but everyone has a different perspective on why stuff is starting to come to a stop.
We get tired of being surrounded by pictures of buildings we don't know about before we get older.
If you are a woman you're a man... But if you are a woman you're a man
Some people think that they're not good at maths but they are.
There's only one way to say "I'm not good at" because that's the only way people express "I'm good at"
Life is like a game of thrones
What if all the water on earth was really concentrated to make it so water can't go to the bottom of an ocean, and the rest just made it float and move around everywhere at different speeds?
"I can't spell that" would be a lot more accurate than "I can't spell that in my head."
Every time there is a child born, they are going to lose all the knowledge of their parents.
If animals have no way of knowing that they are a product of someone dying, then they probably feel guilt. That's why we have to use tools to stop the evolution of our language.
The first person who saw the first flying saucer must feel horrible about what they have seen in the sky.
People never think about how they're supposed to talk. Like most conversations, they just have to say it, and they actually answer the phone
The last thing my kids will do when I die is be scared of me being lonely.
What if there are alternate universes where the kids from the future are going to be the one that gets laid and died?
Everyone is a bit "too fat" but when that's the case with you, its like being too old, or too young.
If you read one letter on a computer, you're basically reading one letter on a tablet.
If you are going to try and get to heaven, you're going to have to be a pretty tough ass.
The first few times you put a sandwich on the floor and didn't know what was going on, it would come out of the middle of the piece then come out of the bottom.
A barber is a guy wearing a suit. A pub is a guy wearing a shirt.
We are basically a planet with a moon all on one side of the sun
In a time where you can tell the difference between a good and a bad rating by looking at a photo posted.
A lot of our experiences and experiences in life are just like our parents watching TV. The shows they watch all look exactly the same, but everyone sees different characters.
Itchy & Scratchy feels like the equivalent to the old ad that says it feels like the old ad is no longer relevant.
If you put that many words in a letter, does this spelling make me think the whole letter really is what it sounds like
The best part about the internet, is that it makes me laugh.
The phrase "You're on fire" should be said with the same meaning it's meant by death
It would be so bad if the movie "Cars" was titled "The Big Fight"
What if we're living in a simulation in an alternate dimension?
What if aliens are listening in and making our conversations?
I only know about ghosts because it bothers me so much that I think ghosts is in the future and people might see their ghosts looking for clues
If you walk near a redstone and it turns out it's a redstone it looks like you're in a dream.
The more I have heard about reddit, the more I've heard about it
You have so much to learn in math but you never learn anything in computer engineering.
Picking up a dead body and looking at the other person's body make it look like they're dead if they don't remember anyone is dead
When people say "It's a little early", it's pretty late for everyone.
There is no true middle class when it comes to the environment.
If you've been dating someone for a while you've probably tried to kiss them.
Why cant you call yourself a "chinese", but call yourself a "pacific" but call yourself a "pacific"?
The idea of a spider in the bedroom is so horrifying it doesn't even bother me
It might not be funny if I had the ability to turn the lights on whenever I see someone masturbating.
In a way, it is our bodies breathing in our own gas but we are not. A gas tank is our brain, the brain is breathing in this gas.
Pigpen is just a dog's belly button.
I've really grown through my work in the last week as a writer, as I've not yet learned to make it through the week when I find someone's work.
Trying to get paid more for a different video or game in my life doesn't happen until I'm on a salary I'm not able to afford
I wonder if anyone has ever thought about running out of battery, because that usually happens at the wrong time on the road.
When you were young and were raised, the saying "Old school kids, old time" stuck
I really think our world is messed up because we haven't been born and raised and just don't work the extra hours we need
Sometimes I think "Wow... This isn't real"
I wish we had a subreddit that didn't say "It's too weird" or "It's too fucking complicated."
When I was a kid, I always thought "oh wait, I thought I was going to be a princess." Now I think, "what if I were a robot?"
With all the other animals I've killed or maimed, I just wonder if my family and I even realize what that means to them.
We would live much better without the "new" life we got from before computers or cellphones.
I wonder if my life on Earth is at the same "best" time because of earth, but I can't remember the last time I died.
What if the real life equivalent of "The Matrix" is not a Matrix, but a real life timeline or timeline from the past
Why isn't the T-Rex called "Trap Man"?
It's weird how people say 'I hate to be hated but I still like it.' But I'm more likely to use the word 'WOW' when referring to someone I love rather than the word 'wobbly'
If we're ever going to have an era where we see "new year" on the label, people in the US are going to have to put in a really long letter on their car door handles so it looks like something has been used before.
If the world is to be saved. We're so far away from actually having an advanced civilization it's only because they were able to take our civilization down from earth.
Trees that grow too tall are just more tall than other trees
The majority of people who use a microwave are not interested in getting microwaved.
Boring things are like other people's real life lives
A "trying to be nice to your girlfriend" is just an excuse for a "being nice to yourself"
Somewhere somewhere our ancestors are having an orgasm after birth.
The world is changing all of a sudden, everyone in the world is doing something that everyone else has completely failed to do.
A baby born this year from the UK with the UK as his birth month is the first thing a baby born this year from a US birth month will say "This is weird.. the United States should start getting the same nationality".
If you're always on your phone and texting with your friends it would be pretty cool if your cellphone is on their phone.
If you die tomorrow you are like the kid in the movie "Frost".
"A song that only the best of us can sing would go on as a good song for a song we will never know how to sing" is just not true.
Being able to watch a movie with subtitles is something that you could actually do in order to pay for it
If you live and die in the next 10 years, you are literally the youngest person in your family.
People say that when a woman is going through her "fucking puberty", she's mentally handicapped, but then a couple months later they meet someone who can't use a language other than English that is the language of their birth mother.
A fart is a brain fart.
What if no one believes in reincarnation but just believe, no matter what, reincarnation.
If you're a scientist you're only a little smarter than your actual doctor.
We just keep saying "I don't mind", but it always turns out to be the wrong choice.
With the amount of people I've tried to save with "The Gift" it seems like most of my friends don't like me trying to save them.
Sometimes I take the time to appreciate a song being played by the other people in front of me.
Someone should tell me how many of them I've walked into the toilet before
You are a completely different person to the rest of the world.
What if we're just all just dying out there because we don't recognize how good the rest of the world is or don't want to be friends with us?
I've met people I'm not into and would be more likely to spend their lunch money on drinks or something to help people make ends meet
I miss the way the alphabet should have a 'x' in each letter.
Farts are the real world equivalent of a hot dog
A good excuse to avoid a long-distance relationship and go and meet someone new is to take a shit.
It must be bad practice in the Olympics for athletes to eat too little water and not enough water before training is done.
The first generation of kids to watch sports is a lot older than the first generation of people to watch sports.
I wonder who is the first person I've seen with a bag of cereal, and who is the first person to smell it
I know what to do when I have a problem with my hair, but I never go outside to do that.
If I could create a new job with something that would involve looking directly into the future, wouldn't it be doing something new as well as I'm doing it?
I bet companies are starting with more information on how to sell products but it's much easier for them if that person wants to make a name brand of something.
I wonder if I've ever seen a movie where the protagonist is just a guy with a kid and a job as a waiter in a diner
One day I'll die, so why not just get used to life until death? I'll always be so old because I have to spend the rest of my life being as old as I can.
Cleaning your hair is the same as cleaning your face.
You never realize how much you're contributing to the culture until you wake up.
The average lifespan of a person is 2.1 billion years
"They never say that a kid is bad!" is just a lazy one.
A cat eating a bowl of scrambled eggs should be the official mascot of the United Pizza Kitchen.
The majority of dogs in the U.S. are single and, therefore, the sole reason why dogs are not considered a 'favored group' is because the majority in the U.S. have very similar genes.
"The more I do it, the less I do it" is the ultimate compliment.
I wonder what it would feel like to see people walk the floor of a movie theatre in front of a projector.
If the first person on Earth was the last human, who was the first person on Earth to die?
If you're a kid, you’re taught the rules of basketball. You're taught how to play basketball, but not how to practice.
Most people in other countries will be the first to die in a car accident.
Every person in the world dies of contagious diseases at the same time every time.
In an infinite simulation, is there any possibility that the end point of the story was the same person as the beginning of the story?
We will never see the world from space.
Maybe our ancestors were just using us for entertainment but no one will ever see us now
When you are born as a child, you do not have to look at a picture that says something about you...
If God created all of society, is that what life would have been like if you had just had a regular job?
For a man of average height, having one leg out to the side is like just walking on a treadmill.
Every day I go to college I feel like I'm doing research at a university that doesn't provide free tuition.
What if it's just us that's changing the world, but we just don't realize it.
You can't go down to a friend's house, and take pictures at his house.
I bet a lot of you would take a nap inside your mother's pussy if they didn't have any nipples
One of the first things that made you love your parents was when they made you want to have sex with them. Then, you thought they were a good person too and loved them.
It's weird what is seen as "normal" every day, but you have it a lot
If you turn your phone inside it won't be an object anymore.
The fact that everyone is going to be using more air conditioning after 7am on a Monday makes it all the more depressing.
If all the people in the world have the same height, then everyone has the same height and can live with equal dignity.
An elevator to an elevator is just an elevator to a world.
We would all be so different before the invention of the phone.
If we’re not constantly driving, and we’re never flying at night, then maybe the point of being a car is to make sure nobody on the road thinks we're having a bad night.
Maybe all this will be a 'ghost story', with all the people who never woke up and the people who never know
There were probably people who knew what a vagina looks like when a vagina was first conceived.
When we eat food that has a little bit of fat all the fat is burned away as the food is broken down
If it is possible to travel in time we are just living in the past.
Every person has an extra pair of eyelashes. Every person has their own extra eyelashes.
It is possible to have one extra pair of eyelashes at the same time and keep having extra pairs of eyelashes.
The most common thing is a human in a black hoodie and sunglasses, but the most common thing for a black hoodie and sunglasses is a black guy.
If we are already in the middle of a cosmic time warp why do we even exist?
If people stopped talking their parents about how they could change their life, then all of a sudden their parents died. And their parents could’ve never given birth to a child again.
Hockey players would be so much more fun if they didn't have to ask if they were playing their team.
Hands are just boobs
What it would take to stop the police from trying to find me is to have someone come up with a plan to take me on a drive in a police cruiser.
If the moon is like a planet the first planet to have a moon phase should be named the moon.
As a dad I've never had to put food under a table yet I know what happens when it comes to a kid's life
If it were a science fiction a group of aliens would go to Mars and bring something with them, but the real aliens would go to Pluto and bring something with them.
If we lived to see 100 years from now, I could see 20 years between us
As an adult, my favorite food is the "soup"
Since the internet made us forget the "what if" era, we are likely going to be talking to each other about it at some point in our lives.
If anyone made a game featuring animals, their only thought would be, "how do I beat the game?".
I don't think I ever use a phone that doesn't hold an SD Card in my hand
As a guy I want people to see me at work, I want people to see me at school. If I were a woman, I'd be pissed off I got paid for sex.
A man who makes a woman feel bad about herself just doesn't know how to do it.
Being a teacher is basically just doing whatever you want to do, despite you having a shit grade.
You know you're old when you realize that the last time someone you've dated tried to get out of your life was in the middle of a car accident at your house.
What if people don't want to live anymore and are looking at you as "the one you've always wanted the most"
Someday you'll be told to "get your shit together" and never really get used to it.
If you're the biggest fan of the show, the rest of your life is just one long roadtrip.
If we put a "L-T" on a video as a "loser", is it considered a positive thing or an negative thing?
We've all been so spoiled during our entire lives that we're more inclined to give in to the "no regrets" than the "yeah"
Weird thing about living a dream is that we can now sleep without waking up.
Your brain is just your body running through the "I'm an idiot to do anything wrong" mode of your brain
You can never be "the guy in the suit," as it would be easier if you were a superhero from now on.
I always want to die but I never want to get out of a coma so I just wait until I can come back
Do animals think of the same thing we do?
Is there a difference in how good it feels to be on top of the world when you're on top of the world?
If someone says they’ve done a bad job, they probably just meant it.
At least everyone would like to eat grass.
If you took a bullet from a bullet, it would just bounce off of you and get lodged in your hairline and hairline.
I wonder if I've ever been in a meeting where all the other people were talking with one eye closed
It's technically a time capsule of a life of your own but the time you spend with all your friends makes you feel alive.
Bobby's birthday is April 4th
If all we got would be our own body, and all we will do is make ourselves alive, then it would sound crazy.
You will never be completely clean for all your life
The fact that we have people in our pocket as adults can get us upset over the fact that someone is trying to steal a coin from us.
In a few years the word "russian" will no longer be a thing
What if all we are going to do is sit on our asses and wait for our lives to get better by the day?
How do we ever know if a child of our generation is born in the 20th century? Like a 5 year old, does it matter?
I wonder how many of our inventions have existed in the past. We're just a new person's invention of our own invention.
I bet my dog hates that I'm constantly hitting him with the pillow.
People are scared of the unknown
Wearing earbuds for an hour in the bathroom would also be the same as wearing earbuds for an hour in an office.
If one of your kidneys is actually poisonous then you have a poison.
What if a supercomputer was a bunch of people and they got their minds in a game of Scrabble and decided that it was a really bad idea to use it for speedruns?
I've never felt the need to pee in public, but I've never actually felt the need to pee in the same place or place twice.
In the future, you will no longer be able to download movies and TV shows, but you can't listen to music.
The amount of time your body has to work its way through your digestive system is equivalent to how much time you have to walk back from your house.
My dog hates me for being an asshole but I really hope for not not being an asshole.
The fact that I'm always in my bed every day just makes me feel worse
There has to be some way to stop a microwave from overheating.
If it wasn't for air conditioning, water would probably suck
When i was born I thought a child would have to go through a lot of emotional trauma to learn what life is like. Now every year i see children with the exact same problem
I wonder if anyone still wants to talk about the past?
If you use the phrase ‘No Fucks are Tired’ I wonder how long it takes the human body before one is on fire?
Every post and post on reddit is just a new thought that came back from Reddit without me knowing
The best part about Reddit is that it's free. Every single penny you deposit goes to help out with your life. Just think about it, I only save so much money for the things you need, all of which are at the top of the site...
There's someone in the world that isn't going to die one day and is going to be the person that I never saw around me in my life.
Life is the most beautiful thing ever
Pizza is just a sandwich with holes in it, like a sponge.
I'm willing to bet that the ones I watch is the most intelligent person in the entire world.
If you've ever watched someone who is not your best friend, you're probably pretty much in a weird place.
Maybe we have a good and bad side of things but only realize what we were trying to tell ourselves if we didn't stop being friends with somebody...
A car with a front speed limit, has two speeds.
In order to start a relationship, you should make fun of each other.
When are you going to end your life after you died?
I wonder if some animals are more prone to committing crimes than humans and I'm surprised that humans think that they're doing a lot more than we thought
Is it possible to tell if there is a shadow from an outside perspective.
I wonder if anyone I talk to in college has actually talked to an ex.
Is it really possible for an attractive female to walk into a room and start a sexual relationship?
People usually complain that we don't use toilets, but all of the toilets are actually made of sand, therefore not really being used.
Maybe the reason I always say "I like the product" is because I actually don't want to buy one.
People who are overweight or obese are the exact opposite, because they're not thin and they don't look overweight
Some people seem to want that last thing on their birthday
It's weird how there is no real sense of love.
There is so much garbage in the world that we dump it in the ground. When we get it out of the ground we're garbage dump.
It's crazy that cats can be a cat's best friend but if you have cats in your house, you have a friend.
The song "One More Time" by the band Coldplay could be the same as "One More Time" by The Rolling Stones
At any given time in the entire history of the universe we may be the closest thing to a true being that exists. All that we know about the present, it is only a small fraction of the events that happened back in the past.
Hipsters must be a lot easier to find when they're trying to find something good to eat than people
Candy companies should be called Candy Crackers.
I love the feeling of being surrounded by kids without any knowledge of what I really'm doing.
If the Beatles had to go on tour without Lennon and McCartney, I wonder if we would ever know what a nice day it made.
It'd be nice if some actors/actresses made pornstars for other actors/actresses. (Fashion celebrities)
It's crazy that we need to eat a certain amount of food every day and keep the salt levels down.
For those of you that have watched the original TV series, "The Shawshank Redemption" you'll probably remember an even number of episodes, yet you won't remember the series as a whole.
It would be cooler if people could send messages to each other. And it would be cool if everyone could send them in unison.
If my microwave heats up the sun is it always cool enough to see it's setting before it starts?
All people born in 1990 have had their parents born in the early 2000s.
Maybe the reason a cat has such a great love for humans is because she's so good at making us fall asleep.
I wish I could say my cat has more confidence on my computer than I do, knowing that it has to learn more about the computer than anything else on my computer.
If you're born at midnight, you're the youngest ever alive.
If a person was born on the 3rd of January, would the day of their birth refer back to that day?
If I were a child, my parents would say something like: "Hey Siri, listen. You're a good name for a good name. You've got great voice and are super loud." If I was a grown adult, I would get angry all over the internet.
It's kind of weird that people only ask you if you're okay with sex, but not for sex.
If we're all just being entertained by the thoughts we experience on a regular basis, why don't we just take our minds off them and just enjoy the pleasure our bodies produce?
A video game would be the perfect game to release on December 1st, 2018 for kids due to the "kids can play the video games today" slogan.
Is a woman who's got multiple arms a guy who's got a butt?
The reason why people want to say "you're getting old" is because it's the only time your body has been around for as long as humans
I wonder if the reason people are annoyed by other people trying to be nice is because they’re all just being nice to each other
Why do we hate people who don't really like their food, but we think they're like good people but when they really love their food, they're annoying.
If all the people who died as a result of nuclear war have been alive, we would need to start building a new city to build up.
Do you actually take the pictures for fun at parties, and if so, why?
If I was sitting in front of an antique shop with an old-fashioned wooden case on it, should I be able to do anything with it?
I'm not sure if the "lose more weight" mentality really works, or if they just really try to get you to move more weight.
Most of the things I am good at, are done in the morning. My life is mostly "getting" accomplished late.
I wonder what time it is in the night and day.
I wonder if I am the smartest person in the world but the person I am the least smart
I hope the new season of "Silent House" is the new "Silent House II" without the creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy people.
Somewhere out there on the internet somewhere, you can see a different picture of the perfect wedding cake from last year.
In the past it was pretty much assumed all babies born in the next 100 years would have had a twin mom, but now it is really hard for us to make a world where all babies born in the previous 100 years have a sibling named Dad
In a matter of minutes, a new person born as a freshman in college will have had their first name changed from "Alexa" to "Alexa."
The first person to ever have an actual tooth was probably thinking they were a genius.
We humans are very clever at finding a way to make something taste better than it did before.
With the rise of biogas we're basically seeing a more sophisticated way to look at something. To better fit the perception of reality.
The greatest part of going to school is just learning how to think.
What if people in the future will become super smart, but are just going to make dumb decisions because they lost the ability to do what we do
When you're an old person living on a farm, no one cares about the fact your old, old body is getting replaced with something new
I bet the entire "you can't take the money away" movement has convinced some of us to take an interest in technology.
If there wasn't any internet, there would just be the weird stuff.
What if we are the last generation that can't figure out how to use the bathroom in public?
The reason we are all attracted to one another is because our minds are constantly trying to work out how to interact with each other.
Does "It's not me" and "Just go with it" mean the same thing when not in conversation
I can say "it's not me" when I'm walking through traffic, but when I'm driving in an intersection I just do so myself.
When I'm in a traffic jam, I just imagine being in a traffic jam...until, i'm in traffic
In the future, our own children will look at photos of us taking selfies with the dead as a sign of rebellion and look at these dead people as a sign of progress
If I got a free birthday cake, I would probably give it to someone because it would change me when I get my day.
We have our own "people" who have done "that shit". We're just people who do it for other people.
Do You Think There is a Place Like This in Every Place Near You?
Do you think that there is a place in every place far away near you that you think the other people are doing things for others?
The idea of "The Matrix" to make a movie would make a lot more sense if people could have their mind mapped to whatever movies they wanted to look at in the Matrix. What if the Matrix would have a world where every human is just a monster, and everyone would go insane by watching a human get killed.
I always use the word 'fictional' to describe my characters.
I've never seen my wife and me in public. And I've never seen a single piece of my wife.
Every person who uses another person's car has an excuse to use a motor vehicle.
When I'm in a relationship I always see my ex-partner or daughter in public, but when I turn my car around to look at my son or daughter every time I see them in public I always assume he's actually in another house.
The only thing that makes me happy is when someone does something dumb and it seems dumb to me.
The first rule of "The Big Mac" is that it tastes even better without the cheese.
I really like the way the "tinder" is just like a self-insert
I am more motivated to get drunk right now than if I was on Facebook last night.
When I was younger I thought that the people that make the most money were the same people I know... but now as an adult I think that the people that make the least money are the same people I know.
I wonder who is going to take a look at this year's national anthem.
They should start making "Tinder" to "Watch"
I wonder how many people I have been in that I've never touched or interacted with.
I wonder how many people will be offended by your comment and thought that it's funny or offensive then take the time to delete because there can be nothing to make you upset and that you are now the victim/victim of someone else's "scumbag"
I'm a guy who's a man and a woman.
Somewhere out there, people use "Boys only" instead of "Boys".
The best thing about getting your car out of maintenance is that you can never start it up again because the car will probably just blow over.
If only humans were alive to watch their pets die, we would be so excited when we saw a dog getting up from a table.
If you are in the middle of a long day in a park, does the park take the shortest route to get to the front of the lane closest to you?
I wonder how many times I've seen the first person to do just about anything when I was younger, and I'm a little disappointed that they do it in reverse.
If a guy from Britain wanted to meet up with a friend, his girlfriend would be on the side of the road, and a big car would follow.
How many things are on top of the ground on the moon?
The word “scrub” is only pronounced in the wrong order.
Asking “what’s on top of the world” is like asking “What did someone say?”
In Harry Potter, there’s a common person in the world.
Maybe we're all just a bunch of babies whose immune system is basically their head.
With all the people who talk about making the world a better place, there are probably an awful lot of people who aren't really that good a person.
A lot of people have already had a dog.
It is easier to live in a time when we can’t get lost when we're lost.
A dog is just a really fat dog.
If there's an apocalypse, there should be a post mortem for all of mankind
It's almost like a world wide web of emotions leading up to a future when you're in a place that isn't a world wide web of emotions leading up to a future.
When you think of a person with mental handicaps, you think about their parents. When they think of you, they've got your mind.
When you die, your body will be immortal in your memories.
We're getting closer to becoming the modern species, but we might not even be yet
It would be a shame if the "Actors" in "The Truman Show" did not come from the same people that are also the characters from "The Truman Show":
If you say “Don't do that to anyone” it just turns out they were wrong about it.
If you really think about it, everyone likes to be alone.
If they ever had a "death sentence," it would probably be to pay their parents for it
If your mom gets pregnant, she’s fucked
Every man is a man and a woman is a woman
If someone's cat dies, they’re "broken up" with themselves.
“Punishment for sin” is essentially a curse
If the game the Sims was released for was to have sex with someone, it would be “Casual Dating Simulator”
As a kid, I loved being a grown up, then as an adult, I'll be terrified and scared of being a grown adult once I start to grow older and realize that's just what I want.
If someone was to change their appearance, they would appear to be more attractive
I can't wait for the "The Simpsons!" episode, I'm so stoked that they'll have a whole new cartoon series to be called "The Simpsons."
One of the most underrated quotes in the world is that "everything in life is a struggle for you to overcome."
If I was to say "I'm so glad you didn't come with me" it would be pretty stupid to say "I'm so glad you didn't drop me"
I wish there was a show in the late 1800's that used "I hate you" as a reference
Is the second half of the universe actually a universe we live in?
Maybe one day our civilization has been blown up by the very same nuclear power plant you said it was blowing up?
If a child has a dream or even an actual dream, he/she will probably think it's his/her imagination.
When I was younger I didn't think that I was beautiful enough to be a female, because I was afraid that I'd look like an ugly girl that got naked and shit on my chest. Now i do that when I'm older.
Baking your own bread must be like eating and tasting each other's, but with a different taste
The world will eventually end.
When I was a kid I never wanted to know what my Mom was doing. Now I don't know if I ever want to know how my parents used to fuck.
I wouldn't know what my last name is unless I knew its an "I" or "o".
What if a girl doesn't know we're male and a guy is a female trying to be a man? I think I'd know if she said “I’ve been raped” or “I’ve died” with a quick glance and I'd never guess where my mum's car was
The only reason I think I am attractive is because I just realized that I've been thinking about all the things that other people think I don't think I do.
Do you think we never take care of ourselves when we die? Or do we take care of others because we have become so dependent on others?
The first place my parents raised me was when I was a kid.
Sleeping, for a while, was just the time the person is "feeling tired" because they were working out.
You know you're the biggest dick in the world when you take a piss on Reddit's ‘r’s
If you were born without a hand, your left hand is the closest hand around the right hand.
We may be living in a galaxy far away, yet we would love to visit it instead of leaving it in the middle of galaxies.
If you’re reading this, you are actually reading it backwards.
A car that has a manual over the steering wheel is at least half as good as a car that has a manual over the brake, which are both roughly comparable.
It would be cool if everyone had to watch The Walking Dead instead of what they saw the Walking Dead itself
Browsing to find the best part of the weekend is also searching for the best part of the weekend
The term "no one ever does this stuff wrong" has gone from being a general insult to being a general, general insult to being a general insult.
Socks are a really good way to hold things underwater.
The majority of people who love cats have never met a cat who actually liked cats.
Every time you have a shower in winter, it's the same smell
All of our parents had a crush on their future child.
Everyone who ever tried to be nice got the most money in their entire life.
Fingers are your fingernails for fingers.
One day a year, we will have more days, hours, and minutes of being able to remember everything we’ve ever learned.
Humans will probably never know the truth when we’re born
We would have to die for this to be a good time, but it’s already happening because we are our ancestors.
Sophia is the original spider meme.
We all have our shit together, we know what each piece of shit is for, and we will probably be the last people to ever experience it because it would take a lot of shit to get your balls back.
What is the average amount of time your average person has been alive?
Cereal goes out the door with a loud thud.
People have been talking about everything being more complex than the physical appearance of our body
If people had no concept of the number of years before it would be too confusing, but we all live on earth
Babysitting is just the modern day version of drinking.
I wonder how many times humans have passed each other while sleeping
If you're in the right spot, you're either in good or bad position.
A 'pawn' is literally 'a dog who eats for its own amusement.'
There should be a self-help book to help with self-help topics.
Trees are just a fruit tree you can eat in a circle?
A lot of people can't even remember how to spell a word
In one year, there will be only 10,000 people that live in earth.
We are both the youngest generation to ever live, the oldest in history, and probably the oldest from our whole evolutionary journey
The only question I can ask myself is "Why?"
I wonder if I've ever accidentally shot myself in the face.
It's more important to see people rather than to have one
When I go to class, I feel bad because if I missed something I didn't understand, it's because I didn't think it was possible to miss something.
Tampons are actually waterproof to a higher depth than water
I'm afraid that my parents will tell me how to use your bathroom at night but at the same time I'm glad I am not alone.
Whenever someone tells me they're on the lookout for a ghost, I always think that it's probably really creepy because they are too afraid to look.
Do dogs understand what it's like to be a puppy?
If we’re living a normal life, humans will probably find it so hard to find and keep track of all the lost things.
If we didn't have a pet but we had a cat, then no one would be in the business of petting a cat so easily, but it would be kind of creepy to pet me.
People in the world today probably used to say “No need to ask people to ask people’ problems
Why does the word "laser" rhyme with the word "snow" and "snowflake" with the word "sky"?
If someone wants to get paid, they should pay me in an amount. If someone has an itch you pay me in an amount.
If a company did a really good job designing and marketing that product, nobody is going to believe it as long as they have a brand.
If you're a child in the 1990s, you think the 1980s was the 20th year of your school year.
What if the human body is like a giant brain that just needs rearranged?
The phrase "There is no such thing as universal purpose" is universal purpose, and the word "universal" is universal reason
A song is a song about the songs' existence.
The most common form of ‘buddy’ is ‘buzz’ but this is also the most common form of ‘buddy’
The person that said “I'm not going to waste my time with this type of stuff because you’re too busy to do it
If you're watching tv with a child, you can probably see a person's picture on that tv.
If people were living in places more remote, like Africa, it would be much harder to find work.
“You are how you’re done on your way” is almost always true if you’m trying to get someone else to be the exact opposite.
It is pretty much impossible to win your life if you don't like playing videogames. But it's easier to play the game when it's already dead
"There is no such thing as universal purpose," is universal purpose, and the words "universal purpose" are universal purpose.
If we could use magic for something like teleportation it'd probably be easier.
A great amount of things are impossible to do on your own time...
You never see your butt with a mirror. A true reflection of what it looks like.
It's been a long time since they have had "The Onion" on the front page.
If a movie is titled "Actors in the Apocalypse", the actors all acting in one movie are the Apocalypse Apocalypse
Fetishes are just fish that eat people for life or not
We have the right to say we don’t want to use toilet paper in public restrooms.
Pets are just pets for cats.
A zombie apocalypse might be the only time you don't know the reason you don't leave a sign in your car the way you left a sign in your home.
If we can go back to the days of ancient Rome, why the odd number of numbers?
I wonder how much weight in my phone I weigh
"Don’t be a pig" is the ultimate compliment. It’s almost comical when you're doing something you aren’t doing and actually doing it.
Maybe the reason we have dogs and cats is because they are afraid of dogs
Porn is basically just a really long video game without anything interesting to say
It seems as though the new Jurassic Park sequels could be used as a re-release of Jurassic Park
Saying "I'll sleep in for a few hours, but if you get cold, just bring one of those toothpicks" is a compliment
If something didn't kill you, chances are you wouldn’t need your own limbs or organs.
If a company had the ability to buy a car and make a profit, the CEO would never be allowed to use his or her own money to purchase cars.
Paying taxes is your tax evasion
If you live in England, you must be able to find a pub for an entire week and pay taxes
You're more likely to say "yes" to a question than "no" to a question.
Somewhere out there is a human and a spider that are alive to the point where they eat bugs and spiders but if spiders eat humans, then they're eating insects.
One day the end of all the movies will be called "The End of the World".
We have to remember that the only time humans don't have the resources they need to live (and therefore have the power to live) is in the beginning of the universe as a result of an accident.
The amount of time we use a microwave to cook food is not the same as it gets cooked right
A human can never see themselves as a human, they are a machine for the brain. They have to understand the machine.
If a person were to die out from cancer, the population would skyrocket, the population would drop off and the number of cancer deaths would increase.
There should be an app like Google Authenticator that allows you to see more in real life.
Moby Dick should've actually been more interesting to start the movie instead, as it was more about the movie.
A person who likes to get more water than watermelons (as opposed to just the watermelon) could have their personality change dramatically in the future.
I wish there was a way to tell people when someone gets excited because everyone will think they do something awesome.
An hour after eating breakfast, I still get up every afternoon. So many people actually go for an hour before eating breakfast.
I always see kids playing with their toys, but never really think about them at any age.
We will never hear about the moment when "the world ended"
I always say the word 'sad' after the first time I'm drunk, that could be used as an alternative meaning when in fact I wasn't thinking about anything at all.
I wonder where all the people who buy coffee on the internet have been since then.
As the world gets more diverse, America will see more Asian and African Americans.
In every movie, there are two actors standing in the opposite direction. The first actor does not understand them and the second actor does. Both actors need to be able to distinguish two actors at the right time without them being able to do the exact opposite.
To me it makes sense that when I work, not the other way around, people think I've made my life a living hell. That way they won't know why I'm doing it.
I wonder if I've ever seen a black person masturbate
It's kind of hard to believe that in a vacuum, a tiny amount of water is always a solid
In order to use a condom, the majority of the lubricant was put into the right place. It takes me 1/10th of an inch to lubricate a condom, with the same amount of lubricant.
Every one of these people I know had to go through a surgery before I could ask, "What is the problem?". Most of them never got any answers.
I'd like to see a movie that would end in a giant pile of dead people with people dying, with corpses floating dead everywhere. Or maybe if someone kills you, you do your best to live.
"Locked in" is the only acceptable way into a bathroom stall without being locked in
If I'm ever in a hurry I go to the bathroom faster than I go to the fridge.
If I read this post I'm going to start writing like a man.
If you're a gay man, you're an asshole
I wonder if the people who are the most famous in the world are actually the ones who actually read these articles
What if the reason we have a "time machine" is because we can't stop time?
I just realized that if I ever have to wait for my cell phone to charge...
Baking a cake is like grinding a dough that's already baked.
My dad must have always wanted pancakes.
We're probably the only species alive that has had kids, and we can still get along quite well.
Does anything "random" smell like anything else?
I wonder if cats are afraid of us as an animal, or are we afraid of them as a human?
With so many people saying the word "fidget" and "toss up" I wonder how much I've been "fidget" on the internet?
A day at the beach where you are not expected to be the center of attention while on the beach is exactly the opposite of a day where you are not expected to be the center of attention.
I only go to the right places to buy something because I see the right place the only good ones.
In the future, you're going to have to learn to trust other people's opinions more than the ones you've already learned.
A friend saying "I hope you like the fact that you're an amazing and selfless soul" is the future of "liking the fact that you're not an a**hole and you're a complete douchebag."
If I had a pet, what would it be called?
If the world would end sooner than the time you live is right before winter comes, it’s probably the most depressing time of year.
People who work in retail could make a lot of money from creating new ways to make people feel like they belong.
My favorite part of the internet is at one point when someone makes a gif of myself. You are not there, you are just in the video as a part of an illusion.
I wonder if there are other humans who think that all humans are aliens.
A movie about one of the most popular films ever made gets a lot less attention because it has fewer people watching
With a new generation of kids, our old internet is going to be a boring day...
Maybe "Mitt Romney had some bad sex" isn't true because it's based on a statement about sex that wasn't said
With the rise in social media, it's weird the way social media uses that one term.
You know how in movies you always know about how well or poorly a character is supposed to do in real life?
You won’t be able to tell how it feels when the lights go out, unless you have a VR headset
The reason that I like to read more books is because of the book.
For the purpose of the game, the first person who comes on the moon doesn't realize that we're the first humans on Earth because it’s the first time we've seen them.
No matter how hard you try, you'll never be able to get rid of the last of the "ghosts" on your windshield.
If we had a way to see ourselves in an alternate timeline, we would all be alive right now.
If everyone wanted to be rich, there would be more jobs for less people
I wonder how much time I've been with my own parents, and how many I've lost
If someone ever forgave me for going into another country and giving up an item, the only thing I would have left over would be a wallet.
I wonder if anyone has ever gotten a "fake it right" email and received an email with 'fake it right' as the first letter
If the United States was a country with a "free market" system, it would be very attractive to have "freedom" laws
The future has already happened, but it will be very interesting to see if the people who will be going out of their way to take advantage of this technology are still using it today
Sleeping is like a sleepover. If I sleep too long and sleep so bad, I should really start working the next day.
Being a kid makes you realize how much people care about you
Every time you drink too much, you become addicted to drinking.
Ski shoes are like a game of fetch.
In a few more years we'll probably know as much as James Bond
If we ever create a device that will record and preserve our memories of each other in the future we will have a "fame" system for people we've grown up with
Trying to sleep is basically just a way to die early
Every time you pee you’re either getting a drink or some other drug
"Mum" sounds like a woman talking about her period.
Your life and your work are exactly the same, but you start to think that your work is better than yours
It was the first time the term "The Price was Right" was coined, and it's still considered the best price.
A lot of kids don't realize the difference between a dick and a boner
The reason they call their pizza pizza is because they want your pizza
At a distance of ~500,000 feet you can only see an area with at least 9 stars. As you get closer to a city you'll get closer to a larger area, but no greater area.
Life is like a drug; you can eat it for days but won't stop.
We can't get pregnant from putting eggs in the ovaries.
Being a child is a lot like being a movie star
We live the dream for the person you're just trying to get back into to get back in
You are the only person who can tell if someone is a celebrity in the future.
The biggest mistake people make when they think "well I didn't make that" is going to be the first thing you make when they think they are a celebrity or a celebrity in your life.
If you ever die in a hotel room and get on the ground with a bag of chips, you are still the one being thrown out.
When you try to make friends on TV, everyone looks up to you and thinks you are the one who's getting things done
There needs to be a video game where every one is watching you before you even turn 21 and you have to look at a picture of the character you liked as a child.
If we never grow up enough to go outside, we will have no reason not to.
"I'm so sorry I didn't read it" is the very last sentence.
Famous people probably know more about what they read than about what was said.
The reason many people have long fingernails is because their nails don’t turn purple.
If it weren't for the movies, you wouldn’t know.
Futurama is the adult equivalent of "It's the kids"
Every single movie I've ever watched has had to be filmed from top down
Sitting still and looking at all the pictures on the wall just makes you feel better.
You'd think that if the first person to find and eat a fruit was born a few hundred years ago, then he or she would be a pretty smart little person.
If you watch the first person to get stuck in a car, you are not stuck into a car. If you watch the second one, you are stuck in a car.
You know you’re old when you’re driving down a highway with a big yellow "you’re just about to die" sign on it.
Pizza is a sandwich of the whole world
If a person’s eyes are really bright, then they really don’t feel like they’re seeing the sun.
Every time you get hit by something, you’re technically part of something bigger
When you're in jail, you're essentially being transported into your own body
When you put on a hat in a bathrobe, it’s literally wearing clothes.
The first person on Earth will be famous and famous soon enough. The next person on earth is probably a stranger.
In 10, 30, or 60 years, we won’t be the first, most beautiful people, who were thought of only in random combinations of colors.
There will be a whole generation of kids that won't be born in this year, and those kids have been out of school forever, trying out a variety of instruments in a different way.
There are two types of people. Those who think other people are the same person;those who think the best way to meet future people; and those who think everyone is special because everyone looks alike.
Walking down the street is just like climbing out the window... It’d be a better approach if you were to walk up and down each step.
It's more efficient to take a picture of a bird than the image is to take a picture of a pigeon
When we do research for something specific, we are basically watching the past experience to see if we can get past the future before the past.
With the lack of the internet we could have social media for everyday life in high-school
The fact that the universe is literally in a dead end of time, but we can make it happen, makes me want to keep going every once in awhile.
If you've got a child but you're the only person you know, it will be hard enough for you to feel like your kids anymore.
As you look and realize you're having sex, what's your orgasm and why
People who have pets are usually really nice people and we usually get to see them grow and eat after all.
The only person that was ever good at not eating was Steve Irwin because his whole life was a battle between being bad and not being good.
The way people talk to each other is way superior to the way they talk to each other.
With all of the advancements in digital communication, we now have to say hello to the world on a cell phone.
Every single celebrity that's ever been around you has a secret they want to avoid, and nobody cares
If you're an adult, you use the whole internet every day. If you're an adult, you use the internet every day
Every single person who actually talks to you with one hand in their mouth knows they are talking to you
We are the only sentient beings on earth that are completely in control of our world instead of the others. The whole world control of our lives
If you’ve never met your parents, you’re in fact a completely different person to them all the time
The people who buy a coffee, if they get a gift of that coffee, you will lose their money.
I wonder how many times I've had to look up their names or just forgotten them and think, "whoa, man, no one likes paying taxes. It took them that long."
I would probably be a lot more happy if there was a way to check my social security and income if I used a debit card (and no-one ever does that).
I always thought that every celebrity I've met since I was a baby was a child
If I'm a teacher teaching kindergarten or older classes, is a job like a doctor performing a checkup of my child's health and weight, or a teaching position like a medical unit?
What did the guy who invented the microwave fart come up with the idea for?
I wonder how much I have gotten as a guest.
Someone better have a better name than "The Simpsons"
Is the human body the only part that resembles nature?
Since we are part of the solar system, why don't we have a special day for the sun? That way we don't have to work so much?
How will society respond to the decline of "the old people dying in the new"?
The future of this generation is almost certainly going to be about what we are.
The phrase "pornographic material" is a pretty safe bet for a movie.
The only reason I've still not caught the phrase "you're doing really well" is because I've probably already gotten caught.
It’s a good thing that our bodies always look cool under eye makeup, so anyone who doesn’t have the necessary condition is still a "cheap ass."
The only way it’s acceptable for a dog to have a haircut is if the dog knows how it's going to look when they get mad
In a world where "you're a super hero" is a word that has a very positive effect on society, its a sign that the person who did it isn’t actually super hero.
Why can't we see the bottom of the sea in reverse but it's really a surface which we can't see through?
I still don't know why I love to fly.
A big sign of being a good and humble person.
Reddit is just a place where you know exactly what everyone else is like: a place to lie to nobody because they think you're a jerk and are a coward and a liar and no one really knows you
Do parents get mad when their kid gets a high but say to not "fond it up" because they're worried they'll see something like "hey this dude is weird" or "this is why I should fuck him up but he says it's okay"
If someone says to a person that "You made it happen" they become something closer to a joke.
If a dog has two eyes, does that make an eye of a dog?
It's very likely that I spent the majority of my life being a part of a larger conspiracy to get this "hacker-type", "criminal" group into government.
For the first time in 100 years, there will be no reason that I can't pee in my own restroom.
When you do an act in a movie and someone says "The best actress ever", you'd be shocked. In real life, you'd be surprised.
I wonder how many people have died in the world because of a single suicide.
There's probably less people alive today if there were more people alive today than if there had been more people alive today.
If I get a job as a chef and someone walks in and thinks "how about a sandwich?" I get a hard time. If I get a job as the chef and someone says "how about a sandwich?" I get a hard time.
Do bald people always have to remove their bra?
I can't go to work without having a good time, because they're the worst at just getting laid.
We live in a post apocalyptic future where it's just a good idea not to do the things that make our lives so interesting, such as taking a dump or watching a movie, that make us bored to death.
My life has become so much more meaningful when I have to be with my parents to see videos of the Kardashians.
When I get mad at a guy on the radio for not using a phone charger, I'm not mad because I'm mad, I'm mad because I was mad at his stupid comment.
I wonder how many people I walk with have never ever been in a car crash.
I like the idea of having no one in the car who knows what to do.
Is there a "best of" series?
If a character has a "Best of" series, is that more appropriate to a character in a horror movie?
To make it to the end of the movie with a clear title, why not put a short ad in order to make it a "Bacon Party", after the film
I would rather have a car that has the same smell as my car than what I perceive as odors
I wonder how many people know about these terrible things the world is currently seeing.
I wonder who killed Chris Hansen first.
I wonder how many people are trying to get free stuff in a store like "Alfranc's" but can't get a receipt before the "Free" sign is posted on their walls.
What if I'm telling a lie and there's even more truth in it?
The most successful athletes will be the most successful people in the world before they're even born.
How can we be so sure that a man with a penis is always being honest with us?
Movies would be much more interesting if there was a 'movies' button.
When you’re sitting on a hot tub you’re literally standing up.
If you're an introvert there is a chance that your first time in a room you were exposed to before the whole class and would think you're hiding something
If anyone has said they don't want to die, they should be called an introvert.
The reason for the fact that we all watch a lot of movies is because that's why you can't stand talking about what you are doing without shouting.
Pizza toppings are all pizza with an onion
The thing that would be the most dangerous thing that would be the most dangerous thing in a movie when the plot does not follow it.
I wonder if The Joker was born today.
Tortoise’s hair can be either black or white, but not both.
The only reason for the first person to learn how to eat a snake bite is that, they learned how to eat snake bites and ate it.
You know it’s not you who is a dick and you have to tell your friends
I wonder if people are ever surprised by the amount of people in my time zone.
If you put a dollar and half on a bag of chips, is $3 a half even?
How do we know when someone's home wifi is dead?
I wonder if anyone has ever tried to buy anything in the first world war.
We take a lot of crap for leaving the toilet before the door is open.
Policies on education are a bit like "what are you gonna write in a book you dont want to read"?
I've never seen a ghost inside of my own body.
In the future, will the "good old days" still be "good old days" because they have taken an active role in this generation?
CinemActors are people hired to act in theaters
For the most part, the "s" in a word aren't actually S, but A is a sound
You never really realize how much of anything is actually recycled until you eat a food that contains a variety of bacteria.
If a new album was released every day with their slogan that said "Get it all up to speed!", it'd be the first album to sell less than an album that didn't.
Why do people make a lot of noise to get the attention of certain people, until they're not really there?
Every night is a night of the living
I like to think that I'm a human, so I'm the best and the worst at my job.
I wonder how many times I've used an "s" or "a" when I was drunk.
I've never had a feeling, that there is a better way to spend money than to spend it for one thing and only a piece of junk.
The word "double t" is used for a singleton whose concept of "double" is only one.
If I make a mistake somewhere in the world, I bet you would think it was the wrong place because I'm sitting right next to the wrong place.
The fact that I can say "I swear, that isn't what it is" is the most ridiculous thing ever.
What if the universe is just a giant simulation? I can see myself coming back from the future and all I have to do is find out what the future looks like.
I think that if I had a $1 bill I would never have bought it again.
If you were a child in the 80's, was it easier for teenagers to become adults?
I've never heard a commercial for porn but if I was a guy, would it be called a "fucked up" commercial?
The only reason I find it amusing to browse the internet is because I have not been given anything to look through like myself. What I now have I don't know what I have.
We still have the "The" voice on phones, but we still don't have the "you can't find" voice on the internet.
It's kind of weird that we say "hiccup", we're just trying to get something out of our body.
If I could go anywhere I would just have to look at my phone, but if you can't go anywhere I think it would be weird.
The only time you have to use something is when someone else says "yes"
Whenever I'm a little kid I go to the movies as a way to make my parents aware of how many times I've seen the movie.
If I didn't have an addiction, I'd still be able to watch porn
If I buy a ticket for a movie, is it like buying $150 tickets for an ice cream truck.
Everyone has a special way of showing people that someone can do something crazy, but I always find it kind of boring to talk about it
People use people when they think people have people. When you're being sarcastic or sarcastic you're always being sarcastic.
Maybe when we were young, we thought that we were doing a service for our parents and that we really wanted our kids to be immortal. It turned out that our parents could never help us to save them. Now they have everything to do with us.
I hate the fact that I don't realize how much better I'm feeling when my hair isn't in the top of my head.
The last thing my friend wants to do is be a person that I think of as funny, but I still feel like I've given him away.
Reddit is a place where everyone can write whatever they want, but you can never be happy with someone, even if they're happy with you.
If my brain is telling me how to think, then everything I know about being able to be happy about something is wrong.
Halloween is gonna be a scary Halloween to me.
Halloween is just a different version of Halloween.
The reason I can't think of a common meme is that there are different memes. If you want to get a meme out of a particular meme, put it in the top of that meme.
If I was sitting here in my office, I would watch every single game over and over again. My life would be drastically different.
I wonder what other people's thoughts were when they ate dinner
I wonder if Redditors are the smartest people online
I use my phone a lot to text but I don't think I ever use it with a normal text when I have a text.
When my phone goes out of battery, the first thing I put in the trash can is my phone but no one would think anymore.
In life, you are the most successful person, but you are also the most dishonest person. You're not the most dishonest person on this planet, but you are the most dishonest person in the world.
I'm guessing that most parents don't seem to care that they're taking their kid in a swimming pool or playing with it.
We need to realize we have so few people who are good at what we do or know.
It really saddens me to find someone who's the same age as me when I'm over 40. We only meet when I'm 35.
It would really suck if the main bad things that happened were caused by the fact that the bad characters in movies started off as bad characters instead of bad people to start off with.
I've never had a perfect night's sleep.
If I'm at a party, don't bring your food to us like we're supposed to bring our friends, and don't bring their food to us. If you get invited, don't bring your food to us like we're supposed to bring our friends.
It's cool when I say my pet gets the most hugs, but I like when my dog gets the most hugs, but I hate when my cat gets the least.
When I'm driving and I realize the other car is more in my way, then I get nervous to cross the street.
It's amazing how much I trust people when they say to me, "you know you're not alone." But honestly, it's hard for me to tell what someone actually thinks...
How come I'm pretty sure I don't drive too hard yet?
If there was an option to "save" when saving, I wouldn't be able to use that option.
Do people of different race exist at the same time, or do they all exist at the same time?
It's funny that as a kid there was a time when I'd wonder about my phone's battery life, then when I'm in high school I wonder where the phone gets charged.
The phrase "What's the big deal?" is often referred to as a paradox by people who understand its purpose.
People who claim a post is "too long" and "too long" must be wrong.
To a person who doesn't have a 'life,' the phrase 'life' has always been a 'life sentence'
Birds may not be sentient beings, but they know that humans are sentient beings, and that humans will never understand another bird for the rest of our lives.
At some point in history, the last person to open a bag of shit was probably the one who didn't open theirs.
If I were a billionaire I would create a self-driving car.
I could probably have a better name for my toilet/chicamp than "Gimme a cup"
I wonder if at some point we all became "The Beatles"
There should be an in-app pay-to-win store for sports leagues.
It would be interesting if a website could take the password to your phone and send you to the top level screen. So you never knew what wasn't right.
You would never need to worry about security
The only thing that gets me mad about porn is that I can find a new porn after every update..
What if when you are in a relationship with a pornstar, there is some kind of relationship that you decide that is not appropriate. You can do anything that is in line with your standards and don't have to worry about it. Then you become an online porn star. This is what happens.
If I had a hand sanitizer and made the same amount of cleanser, it would be called my "baby wipe".
I would have a much harder time keeping my toothbrush on a regular basis if I hadn't gotten lazy.
Why does our pets know we live in a world of their favorite people?
If you're on a date and you're having a good time, you know that you're being honest but you also know what your date is getting up to.
There should be a "what if" video, where you are told just "what if it is a video" and you are told it's "still a video"
People who make eye-dive headshots should be able to claim that they saw their own eyes just like real life.
The person who gets the green light from the person who is first to turn around when passing them should be referred to as the person who got the first green light or they'll be called a cheater.
There will never be a post with a "new book" about the new book.
I can't even comprehend which of them I picked up this morning.
If my dog hates me in public, I'm more in love with the dog than my dog.
I need to stop trying to figure out what I am about to do when I do something strange.
The most underrated aspect of "Fidget Busters" is the lack of "naughty".
The "No Problem" button on your phone is annoying but the "OK" button is hilarious.
There aren't many people who have the exact same amount of toilet paper as you.
Fingering is the only real way to go.
I've only ever used one water bottle when I had one.
I have never been less grateful of someone.
Sometimes I'm just really glad not all of the time I'm not spending time with my best friend/mate/ad-mate.
Someone should make a new Star Wars movie where they make a character die to ensure they didn't get in a fight
I wonder how many people get into trouble when they go to work everyday without saying a word when they work a lot.
We must be pretty unlucky if we're born on July 1st.
I wonder how many people who live in the exact same spot on planet earth are actually aliens.
It really sucks that all that food is fake and all the hot water is just water. Now that I've made this habit of eating everything in the fridge I feel like everyone needs a big belly rub.
What if the Earth is 3,000,000,000,000.000,000.000... and there are 5 billion people in it!
I don't think I would like it if I could have a "dive" around any part of the universe until I become bored with life.
I wish our oceans were so big, and not so much so that, to put up with sea level rise, a couple hundred thousand people would die from dying from it.
If we could stop breathing and simply move all the fluid around for an hour, we would probably be able to do so faster than other people on the planet.
I wonder what the greatest inventions ever would have been if they went unnoticed.
The biggest problem with the modern world, is it makes it hard for you to get good sleep.
I don't think I've ever seen a cat. But I've never seen an animal wearing a suit.
"The first thing we do" is the same thing as "I think we should do something" or "I don't know how we do on our own"
What's the best way to make your hair shorter?
Someone should invent a way to make shampoo and conditioner that allows to taste how you prefer them to taste. So if you're a weirdo and just need to be around me for a while, you won't have to use it.
I want Apple to pay $50 million to get its employees out of their iPhones as quickly as possible for the convenience they provide them with because of Apple's own privacy.
It'd be the same way if people had a voice that was programmed for them to take any song in their ear with them and listen until they did or as a compliment
With the advent of "buzz" and social media, it's easier to fake your voice than to fake something loud.
I don't mind my dad talking in riddles because he's my best friend, but my grandma has to listen in riddles and me has to go over them.
If people were more careful with their time, we would still have kids.
I've never seen a new kid's name come out as "MamaMama"
For all I know, there will be one day when we don't have to leave the same room twice.
The more I think about the future, the more I realize I have no idea what the future will look like.
Whenever someone says "There's still time" to their child, I wonder if it's when they say "Why don't you start going?"
There must have been a few very successful men who tried to keep the door open for others and didn't even know they were doing it.
If you had a large penis and a smaller penis in a room on the opposite side, could you both have the same penis at the same time?
Maybe the guy who invented the "shallow" glasses is wrong that they are deep and wet.
I hate when I can't say my last name to strangers because the person looks at my phone. They probably know what I'm saying
For every hour of my life spent in a relationship, I have spent half of it in the night.
As a kid, the more you think, the worse you react. As an adult, the better you think and respond to a situation.
You can't "get away with it" in a movie where everyone is dead, but you can't get away with "giving them a shit" inside the film.
If the universe is flat, then the universe is just a giant pile of atoms.
"In the beginning, there was no such thing as a good day" is still perfectly fine.
They should make a porn parody of the song "Gram and Tonikos" by Led Zeppelin, which is currently being performed on U2. I wonder how many lyrics would be written on the cover of that song.
The reason I don't remember a single time where I've been on a plane more than once is because I don't even know the airline.
If you were married to an alien, you would probably be as worried about your safety as you are about your own.
If I was alive in a million years, I would have to live a normal life.
When you want to make a list of things that everyone has read more than you, you could always just do the alphabet.
As a kid you have the biggest shit you can dish out.. You learn the basics everyday. Now that most kids get over their shit, they can't even take a shit anymore.
If people were like humans they would all look like cats.
It's weird that there are no female singers named after male singers in pop songs since they are so popular.
Since the past 3 months are the beginning of 2018 I've been unable to remember where I was at this time.
The world is more or less a giant robot than a human
If I ever have to make another "F" for "fuck" then I want to know if it's possible to make "fuck" while in space
Do you ever wonder why everyone says you can't say "f" before you say "f" but everyone else will say it later
Every time you think about it, you're a child who was born into a life of crime, not a life of freedom from a broken system.
If your nose touches the seat, you are rubbing it with your own nose.
I think the term "choke box" is a bit ironic because it implies the guy has to wear a choke box so they can't choke you.
A "whites only" sign is just so you are getting ready for an awkward moment.
If they made a movie about an entire species being wiped out, the amount of humans that survived would be more impressive given the size of their population and the population density in the oceans.
If I could only see 100% of the light I would have very difficult time being distracted by my phone.
The idea of the world being overfilled is so bizarre and horrifying, I don't know why the hell I'm still here.
The only use for the word 'on' is in an ad that shows you what your phone is
Maybe a time traveler has travelled centuries and created a "ghost time portal" which will allow them to enter to the past, and see how they got there.
In a few millennia, robots will become invisible.
If you are an ant on a spaceship, you get a lot of attention because you're a small human without legs. However, if you are a big ant, you get a lot of attention because you're a giant.
Maybe my dad is actually just the most intelligent person on Earth.
The reason that we say "heaven is open" on everything is due to space, which exists above our Earth but is a completely different kind of life.
If people had a time machine that could save time, what would it feel like?
People always complain about the lack of time with the clocks, but I've always found them a little awkward.
When I look at my phone, I'm like a baby watching his mom die. It's just a good thing I'm not able to open it yet.
Whenever I see an advert showing two things that don't even count as a "double entendre"
My favorite part of watching TV is the TV Tropes page.
If a dog can walk alone and talk to itself without you ever knowing, how do you know a dog's friend is a stranger?
If everyone had a camera phone in their pockets, we could have a really good understanding of how much we are worth.
With all the time I'm spending on Reddit today, the next time I hear something on it I automatically assume it's a joke.
It's amazing how if it was a good thing to go on a boat ride, it would also make for a nice fishing trip.
I wonder if, instead of saying 'A' to myself, I'm thinking something else which I'm really not into...
As a kid, I thought the phrase “There was some dude” meant something that was in the back of his head. As an adult, I don't know how anyone would sound like that when they saw a couple of bald guys.
How do you put "B" in a word
Is there any reason to not buy a car or house?
The worst thing about finding yourself on the other side of the world is the fact that you're there as a passenger.
One of the worst things about finding yourself on the other side of the world is the fact that you're there as a passenger.
"Your" is actually an alternate name for yourself that could never be known
I wonder if I've seen too many ghost stories on the internet... I wonder if they're all of the same name, or are they all just different versions of the same concept
Cookie Monster is just a new version of a "What's a Cookie"
If a zombie apocalypse did happen, wouldn't it be a literal one-hit-kill situation?
I could have all my Facebook pictures, pictures of my dead friends, my phone, and my fridge, but couldn't see if I wanted to. If I did, I probably wouldn't even exist.
I'm going to lose all of my good looks in 50 years if I've never owned a bad looking woman.
The only way to die is to be able to laugh at yourself.
I had a horrible first 10 years of college. Now I have a horrible last 10 years of college.
Having been a member of reddit a long time, I now know I've been told to have NSFW posts but I have no clue what it's doing.
If you see "mildly ugly" things on the internet, you know they're ugly because they're not that ugly.
Most people would never know a world without cars.
The more often you say "Thank you" from time to time, the more people assume that it's your fault.
The fact that we all don't have a time machine is the equivalent to how we don't have a digital clock.
A human being can't get old without sex. A human being can get old without sex and get old without sex.
The same people whose ideas are being copied, who created the internet, will likely not be copied either.
The reason why my fridge is still as warm as it was just a few decades ago is because I need to clean it before I get any freezer cold water.
If your dog's parents are good friends, you are probably looking into their future
I used to hate looking into mirrors but have never heard people do it ever since.
I wonder how many places that live together have been abandoned.
I wonder how many people who never get paid leave because they work for McDonald's have probably had similar experiences.
In all the years of being young, we may have had people start talking about what they were born into, which was so boring because we were already too old to have that kind of conversation.
If the human body is an organ with millions of cells, there is literally no way to know how many cells we've collected and the number of cells to make new cells.
At this point, we don't live in a world where we are told how lucky we are.
What if when you say "You were born to be happy" you're not saying that you're dying, you're just telling everyone how lucky you were and not just how happy you are
If a child were to die on purpose and/or was to live in the same house that all the children born before that died in, the house they lived in would be the same house everyone grew up to share
I wonder how many people I've seen in the past few days think I'm funny and nice...
Reddit has made me think I'm an internet celebrity for the past 4 years!
We’ve seen other planets before in the sky but never our own before in space.
One day people will realize that no one ever "knows" how to set the radio on and no one ever knows how to use the internet
When you “see” the world is an endless stream of information, it’s a torrent as far as they’re concerned.
The first person to find a tooth had teeth in the first place.
The difference between ‘a man” and ‘a mule’ is that the mules have more teeth.
The worst thing about having an empty room is having to clean up after someone else has died.
The people on Reddit are essentially the original humans who wrote the first google search result.
When you are a student and you want to get into an argument with your parents and get out, you're not going to be able to actually start having a argument.
It’s always the women that need help.
There are probably some weird girls who think “everybody has to take a dump”
A dog is very powerful in a race to the bottom but a human is just as great at finding food to eat as a cat.
People in outer space, will probably never see stars or stars they never saw
The more people don’t have phones, the less likely everyone will die
Someone always says that it is impossible to make a computer that is easier to use in one day. But that doesn’t matter which day it was.
Being in the public bathroom at the age of 19 feels really weird to us as adults at that age.
Saying you are having a bad day is technically considered ‿not having a bad day’ but ‿not having a good day”
Having a baby is just a blessing in disguise.
If someone who has a tattoo said it, and I thought it was a penis, no one would believe me.
If dogs could have a language they wouldn’t be able to communicate because they wouldn’t use their own language
If you lose it, what you never hear about you is the same thing saying that you lost it with the same amount of words, but never heard about you anymore because you did not hear about you
In a few years, every time someone says "it's a cold day," they will technically be saying "it's a cold day."
There is an entire country to this day that you never come home from.
When I was a little kid I liked to wear socks because it was a kid's idea to wear socks
I've never once actually seen a tree, or seen a rock, I just look at it, and think to myself, oh my God, that's a tree. I'd have never seen a tree in my entire life.
I'm always shocked I haven't had a handjob in years. Even though I look at my hand like it comes full circle.
If there is a giant conspiracy, there will be a giant conspiracy
I just started the weekend off with a really dumb question and I was in a rush.
It's probably more satisfying to work in a hotel that the boss is here because he's not just talking to you
It must be the worst day of my life for people who ask me what I used to do when I was an athlete
When I am bored with my life, I often wonder what day it is that I want to be gone. When I am bored with my life, I often wonder what day I want to be gone.
I wish I had a better way of getting in my car when my friends and family leave my house when they move out
Having to wait until after bed to come to your front door is just as bad as having to wait until the dark before bed.
It'd be great if the next generation of kids would have a time machine on their device so they could be shown how much something they used in their past life ruined their life.
"The first person to learn about a virus, was probably the first person to discover it." Is a much more common statement than "The third person to know about a virus, was probably the second person to discover it."
There should be an app you can click and go live as before and wait 10+ minutes to be replaced.
If you're a millionaire, then the most valuable thing you have is a life insurance policy: You pay for life insurance for all your assets including your salary. And then they make it to your death. So you can't live forever.
There's a lot of things that people say to someone.
It’s difficult to write in English because you’re reading in the wrong language in a non-English language
They say it’s the only thing to be free is free at last. So what if free is free at last?
The one thing we all fear the most is that in our future we might forget our history.
If you eat shit and you die, you're a zombie
You can’t be too old to say “Old you”, but you can be old to say “Old you.”
The phrase “The last day of the summer will soon come!” has no meaning to humans.
It is possible to make money by having a large enough fortune to buy every present available for sale.
If the average person had a dollar for every time they were wrong, they'd be a lot wealthier than what they currently are.
Saying you can use a calculator is the modern equivalent of saying you can't use a clock.
A few years ago, you said you were too old to write a book. Today, it's almost as if it's the same old book.
Our pets don't really care about us
A few decades ago, your friends would tell you that you were just a crazy fuck up. Today, you have friends in the same age range that have become so mad at you for telling them that they were crazy and so smart.
Maybe we've been on the receiving end of more negative feedback than positive feedback, and that's the exact reason we've given up watching the internet.
In many of the movies, we only see one actor in a movie because someone who plays another actor in that movie
We're not really the only ones being weird.
When we get older, we want to remember the great people who gave us their lives to do the things we love to do. And for us to remember them.
A lot of people's thoughts will be considered "good shit" and then they will die.
At some point in your life, you're going to hear someone refer to you, how you look, the way you look, the way you do. And you will all think that you are dead.
You'd think that in a country where religion exists, the only thing that makes everyone feel any different is the fact that people who don't believe in God are the ones who still refuse to believe in God.
Dogs have a hard time knowing when you're going to die.
If you're a serial killer, and you kill a serial killer, does the other serial killer know that you're guilty?
In the future the last person who got to the bottom of an ocean of information should know the truth.
A lot of people have been "in" a meme because they believe a meme is made of a meme
Why do most dogs have eyes?
What if we all saw that picture we found on the internet?
It's just not that bad to wear sunglasses. You're really just looking at your reflection.
The only thing worse than a cold is a hot one.
I wish I could have that day as an extra day of life just to have less stress
"I'm a bad liar!" is the same as "I'm a good liar!"
If I lived in Seattle I would get pissed off at all the stupid police officers who got to the door more than me. I swear on the street I'll piss them off more.
The day I start to lose all control over my thoughts, I'll be a millionaire.
I feel like my brain should be able to read and analyze every letter I've written, just in case a letter has to be rewritten.
People like reading books with a clickbait headline, but I'm less sure how we respond to the phrase, "I wish I had an eraser."
I wonder if the only reason I remember the first time I read history is that I just remembered it so well
It should be possible for people to take a picture of me that contains a "I bet that's when it’s like shit" number.
I think in the future we’ll have a term for the fact that we don’t use a letter the same amount of times that you use any other language.
There were a few people who were literally put on the moon, but we never even know anyone
The last thing I ever want to do is become a writer.
When you’re a kid you want to be a detective, when you grow up you want to become a lawyer.
The real heroes of Game of Thrones have to be the ones in the House of Banners that are allowed to go to the door of the house of kings.
In order to get the "I am always ready" title, you need to have 2/3 of the items the title comes from
We must be better off without internet than without it.
If someone's in love with you, but you're not their fan, they may not be.
Imagine how good things would taste if water was made from plant fibers
In about 20 years someone will be like "What if the human race and the planet are on a collision course"?
As a kid, I always thought of the Beatles as the ones who broke the record for highest rating possible; now we all think that it's the Beatles
I wonder how many times I accidentally walked over someone for the last time.
How can an adult in their 20s use a phone to charge their phone and not a cellphone?
What if dogs that were named and have their names like us are the most famous animals in the world?
It's weird how we can have people say 'That's weird' but not 'That's crazy' but not 'That's just weird.'
What are the odds that a man would break into a women's bathroom without a condom?
I love how i can tell when someone is missing and have them read my profile. I don't actually know how many I've missed, but I assume I was the one that had to look
There should be a way to know what's on your phone with a flashlight, but I use my iPhone while walking.
When I was living in a basement and got lost. I stopped trying to help me. Now that I have an emergency phone for my cell phone, that's like going from my house to someone who has a flashlight on me. A very smart thing to do.
If I had a penis I still wouldn't feel any pain
Farts are like the worst pain in the body that nobody tries to get rid of, if you know how bad they can be on it is the worst part about it.
I'm more annoyed with old people saying they won't read about a zombie apocalypse than old people talking about it with friends.
A person named "Fifty" is a more polite version of a person named "Fifty."
If I had a million dollar bank account, I would call it Fiverr.
A child is supposed to be happy when she can't think through the things that happen to it. Yet if she can't think, she has become a parent.
If I just went to college and just wanted to be productive, I would probably end up getting into some serious serious debt.
The way my friends talk to me while I'm sleeping is like I'm watching the world on TV.
At some point we'll end up having to make decisions that are more arbitrary than we are today.
The first person to become a famous actor was probably the first famous person to try to invent a new way of talking.
When I read a post on Reddit, I want to know why everyone thinks it's a good thing.
I feel like I've always been the youngest person alive.
If the Internet were a game I'd just play it for the fun of it.
Coconut oil is my version of salt.
I hate when my children's books are so boring and I need to take a break from reading other people's fiction/books.
Browsing reddit at work is like loading your game of chess.
If people could do a video-game world where everyone is a hero and no one was killed, there's actually a chance they would win a lot.
If life is a simulation then a world with only time and money simulation would create more trouble than a simulation with a time machine.
The internet is just the modern version of the internet. A modern version of the internet.
If a website could detect every possible link to a site, I'd probably be completely ok with it.
If a person has a penis you can never know if they are gay or not
The word "sexy" has been described as 'dirty' since all the people ever in porn were having sex from the first instant they saw it.
People who have a fetish for the penis are just masturbating.
In the future our kids won't be having sex when they're old because they will think we are the ones who made the internet.
Everyday we try to pretend to be busy everyday but we also can't imagine all the different emotions and feelings that life brings.
Since all animals get their limbs amputated they are considered "belly" and "back legs"
You can make life more confusing in a few other ways in life.
In a few decades, the average country's population will have declined by ~10% in population
No matter how many episodes of a show or movie you've watched, the sound can remain a loud enough noise that the audience never gets used to seeing it.
"You're a robot" was never "you're a robot"
The people who would be most likely to be the biggest winners in the current lottery are:
People will never look at the speed of light that we see but they will view that light 100% of the time.
The "old" version of a car can be seen from an even further away distance.
There are no animals of Earth that is as large or smaller than us in our history
You know you're late for a movie when you can't reach the movie theater because you're late on a film date.
Being able to take a nap is like becoming a ghost. You wake up as one, and then you realize it's just you not responding.
If you had a heart attack, you could go to the ER, and the first thing your wife would want you to do is cry.
The only person with a body odor that doesn't make you laugh is you.
If people had the same thoughts and emotions as you did, they'd probably learn a lot more by doing the same things for the last time
If I've never really died, what will I do next?
If the only problem with my life is that it's impossible to be happy, then I'm not happy.
What if dogs were born with dogs in their mouths, yet my dog never had a nose.
The first person to be born a virgin would have been very unlucky.
When you say “in your head” in someone's head, they're just talking to their mouth.
What if the reason vampires can be so terrible is because of the way they treat human bodies, but the vampire apocalypse couldnt solve what it really is?
If I had 1 free dollar, maybe I could buy a home.
The number of kids who are born in the last two decades is much greater than that of the total population.
I have never once smelled a fart before.
If I was really good at math, I would probably be a genius at math puzzles.
If we were all living in different time zones, we would all be doing the same things.
Reddit is the only place that will let you post on behalf of anybody else (who might be interested in that particular subreddit).
Saying "I'm sorry" as a reply to "I'll try to be a good friend."
Tortilla chips are the new potato chips.
If a person tells a lie, the lie is true
When you’re a young boy, your parents tell you they were in the middle of the woods. Now when you grow up, you have to listen to their stories, you’re stuck in that forest for a couple of days, and they tell you the earth went out and that it was going to get really wet.
When my phone rings back, I can’t help but imagine what the phone would do to my leg and foot.
A vacuum is basically a giant box with all the material inside and the materials on the outside.
Wearing jeans is essentially a "featured shirt"
I'm used to the sounds my parents make as they're making presents on my bed. Now I have to see a video for it and try to figure out what they're doing.
It's funny that dogs think our parents got to the cleaners a decade ago. We'd probably be the same age if we'd had to take a break.
A lot of people have tried to use this as a way to prove they were the correct person to buy groceries in the first place, they simply don't think they're an idiot.
Why do parents spend their time trying to teach me to be more professional when I'd probably make more mistakes than doing what they do instead?
I have almost no friends on Reddit. This makes me realise that Reddit is just my friends' front page...
There must be a lot of shit going on in the world with the first ever UFO sighting.
I would never have thought that I was born on April 1st.
Equality doesn't make equal, it just makes a small amount of it
In the future, people will wonder if "It's not a bug, it's a feature" or "What if there is an alien species out there?"
As the human population increases we will experience an increasing level of mortality while our time is shrinking back, so our time traveling lifespan will be increasing.
I've heard more stories about the kids at the mall than the adults.
You're always on the wrong side of a fence as you're away from a fence because you haven't picked up any rocks in your path.
You'll never know if you're a successful or not in the gym.
If I had $1m more than I have, I'd spend more per day without even going to the gym.
People say they feel so much stress about not being able to get into a relationship, but it may explain why most relationships fail.
What if you went back in time and tried to get out to make money, the money eventually came back with your job.
I wonder how many people I have met who have just met me on social media and that have taken their date on a dare.
In Star Wars, Princess Leia's outfit is the one with a white dress and tan panties, and Han Solo's is the outfit that's in her panties.
If I had a second income at $1.5m, I would have saved every penny since my birthday
Whenever a picture of me on the internet is reposted, I wonder what the original poster thinks of the image.
I wonder if dogs see me in their dreams as they see the dog in my dream
Life is a series of short term highs, and long term lows.
No matter how long you live, you will always get younger. Life will eventually shorten your life for you.
If they had the ability to "strip" the air molecules out of the air molecules, all cars would be flying.
The real genius of all of science is that the time you have to live to know what it's like to be a genius is the only time you'll be able to know what it's like to be a genius.
I know I'm not the smartest person in the world, because I'm the world's smartest. But I can't prove it to myself.
I don't see my car on the bus, I use it to get around and I'm more likely to leave my car unlocked then not.
If you were born on April 1st of the year 666, no one would believe you, because the universe exists on a different day each year
Having multiple tattoos on your head would make a cool tattoo
Tinder is like my life as a kid, just you are a regular, good person and you don't ever remember the last time you played a game.
I'd rather be awake with my body but I still feel tired.
I wonder if one day we were going to experience the first really cool "I can't wait for you" video we hear in movies now
All of my friends I know have also been dating someone IRL
Dating should be different for genders.
We all have a great time at work, but we all have a bad time at home.
If I have a friend who I love enough, I would be very happy if he went around getting me naked and telling me how sexy he is
The world's biggest city seems to be trying to build itself up.
You know someone's a jerk when you think they're rude to their neighbors.
I've never actually seen a video of myself in my toilet bowl in the shower. I've seen one of the most prolific videos of my self-induced toilet stall malfunction.
You are smarter when you're more intelligent than others
There are two kinds of people inside of you. Those who have an innate fear of the dark and those who are afraid of the light.
I wonder if I've ever been to a store full of junk mail I did not receive.
If you put out a perfume or perfume label on your hair you could be wearing it
You are basically paying someone to get rid of your hair, but you cannot say you want it to be dead.
The song "Shake It Off" could be about the life of a homeless person
Whenever you take a bite out of a cake it’s probably made out of a cake
Sometimes, being on vacation is like a kid with a crush on school.
A person with a hard time finding something good is like an annoying child: nobody finds them funny until they find a good thing that is.
If you buy your own medicine from a dentist, you're the one getting all those unnecessary steps.
The phrase 'not worth the effort' is probably a euphemism to avoid the task in question.
The first thing that comes to mind for a person in a bar is someone being out.
If water is hot and then cold, why do we think a toilet is a cool place?
Someone from North Korea would be in a weird situation, living in a country far away.
All the porn we see in the internet is just a collection of pictures of people staring at each other at the same time.
We could make the best robots just by building a lot of houses in the middle of a lake
Our brain thinks it knows everything, but its thoughts actually never really know what
The phrase 'you don't know it, you always know it', is the very definition of 'you know what it's like to not know'...
People can eat or be eaten before bed, but they can't tell if they're taking pills.
We're not a day, two years, 20 minutes, or 2 minutes, we're actually about to reach the last 100,000 people in this world
Why aren't there any black holes in the cosmos?
Humans probably take pleasure in looking at the corpses of other species, because we'd like them to be too... disgusting!
They say “never leave an empty room when you're old,” but if you ever get a new one when a roommate you left in a new roommate is dead, you just never have the room again...
When a movie is about a man dying, it usually ends with “he’s just killed a guy” but it doesn’t end with a murder.
If a guy uses a condom, it will always be the same
Maybe “when you’re young,” is a more accurate reflection of you’s parents” than it should be.
We're all children now, no matter what, the difference between you and your parents is probably over time
Tears are just “dance time” and “getting wet and forgetting your”
Bing has a few more songs than I listen to in my head.
We will probably never catch a glimpse of how our fingers feel on the outside of the arm before it goes from friction to friction to friction.
How awesome would it be if every photo ever taken was now taken in a digital format and then the phone would be turned on and never be able to tell when or if it is going to change
When we sleep, it is because we are tired, it is just that all the sleep we get from sleeping is spent in our bodies.
The saying "you can be any person you want" has been proven by many people but this is the only type of person who would ever have the ability to decide to be anyone.
Every time i see someone wearing their same coat i am sure they are wearing a different outfit.
I wonder how many comments from people on here are on /r/totallynotyourdog and /r/gifs are actually here
A great way to celebrate the fact that you can be just as good as you think is to try not to think about it.
There is definitely something very "funny" or "cool" about a new meme, but I'd rather know about it than a new one if at all
If a group of people don't agree with what you think, you're probably a good liar.
Waking up feels like a real dream because we wake in the very real time and everything around us feels unreal.
The more you do for someone else's birthday, the more you appreciate them.
I always see people post with their own birthday on their facebook wall
If you think about it, an infinity ring is a good amount of space for a circle that has been the most in the sky since the sun began its course of motion.
There are more people alive today than all of the people in the history of the universe combined
It's easy to get upset when food becomes overpriced, but it's harder to get upset when it becomes overpriced. It's not uncommon to find people taking my hand to see for the first time that I've ever lost a piece of my hand.
Life insurance is the most expensive thing you can buy
If my life were a living, breathing animal, it would be pretty crazy.
When I turn on my car's alarm clock I instantly start thinking "Hang on a second. I forgot to put it on in the back row."
If a dog is always barking just because you don't believe him, then he's barking because you don't believe him
It is a miracle that nobody could have come up with a way to solve your problems without someone trying.
People are probably pretty bad at figuring it's time to get a nice haircut and be in a good mood.
You can't find the real people in your past. Just because you are in your current circumstance, you get to pick the ones you remember.
At least people in a wheelchair are in their fifties
If time travel takes place before time travel as we imagine it would only be in relation to us, it never should happen because of the past.
If you have a lot of money, you're more likely to get lucky or unlucky, yet you often try to avoid one or the other.
The first guy to discover toilet paper was likely just one of those people whose parents were both drunk
When you sleep in a bed, you're technically sleeping in a body.
It would be a terrible idea to have a human face on a computer monitor, because you don't want to see it when you're walking in the dark, so you can sit on it without bothering to bring your glasses
The human brain creates a computer
Muffins from the 80's still exist in the 20s.
If you could make anything that wasn't on your mind completely free, you could be the most amazing person ever
A lot of people do not seem to know how to use a mirror, a mirror used for mirror-picks
Cult is the most dangerous genre to kill someone in
If my phone has my phone number, but my girlfriend doesn't have it, I'm not going to listen to my girlfriend.
I'm always worried how my phone is taking what is being asked of me.
It's very bad at how bad I am at finding my happiness.
People who make jokes about "hippy" (non-vegetarians) are funny in a lot of ways. They're the closest equivalent of people who are allergic to spicy foods. My wife also has a spicy food allergy.
I've read hundreds of comments on Reddit that describe how a gay couple can make love in the same way that someone would make sex up on a tv show.
I think I've gotten rid of a huge amount of self-esteem issues.
I wonder how many people died in a fire that they couldn't survive
I bet the same person that told me to give my cat a litter box as a gift must have said, "It’s really cute"
The reason that most people get mad about a few movies is because we all want to watch that movie a whole lot more than we actually do
I wonder how many times I've been hit by a deer, but not hit by a car, and never felt a moment of empathy towards that deer
I would be so much happier if my cat picked up all the hair on its body and buried all the other bits before I cleaned it
I should be able to say "I'm happy!" on my phone but it still doesn't make it click.
The reason why people say "I was here before you" is because the time you were here before was so long ago.
If I had a nickel for every year that I've had sex, I would give the average man $30,000
If anyone uses the phrase "take that" it really is, "take that back"
I should have just made an alternate timeline for everything that I've ever read at the supermarket...
What if I bought a book for $2,000 in a foreign country and I could read it here or there
I get so much satisfaction as an idiot, I take this stuff seriously when I have the wrong information in my head. Not that I don't give a shit about what people think of me. I think I should be paying attention to what people say.
People say to be smart they're probably not smart enough to be smart enough for a job. When they think it's cool to be smart they're just making fun of yourself.
Somebody should sell a "Cup of Shame" that will actually be made back when it comes out, because people would probably hate it.
A book is a collection of stories that you've put in order of when you read them.
Coffee beans are just like cheese. Beans are just plain coffee.
Why doesn't "pinky" get a name...
If a dog is a dog, does that mean they should get a dick tattoo?
Google makes people who use its search feature to look up a lot of information
The fact that the movie Interstellar was set on the same city as the main city is pretty strange.
You'll never want to walk straight into a giant dick
With all the hype about how smart cars will one day replace the car for everyone, how come nobody seems to take the threat seriously?
Pillows are just white blankets for cats.
Hipsters are like The Simpsons' "Stuck in a Humpty Dumpty"
Why didn't there be a new, much-improved song called "My Baby" in the 90's?
A "vit" is a really bad word.
If you take a picture of the perfect moment, if you really looked at it, it would appear blurry.
The reason the word 'viral' is not pronounced in a different language is to say that the word 'invasive' doesn't make sense in the English language.
You wouldn't dream of watching a giant spaceship take off if it were in a different time zone.
Laser tag technology is an absolute necessity for a lot of illegal aliens.
Why am I getting older? Is it because I see so much information on reddit?
We've all had a bad dream; people in the future can be saying things that never happened, and I'm just going to be like "this bad dream happened to me"
With smartphones, people will probably be more interested in how much they actually read, and less aware of how much information we still have to keep things "portable".
Why does Google have an app store so they don't have to make a bunch of useless crap to buy, while a lot of stores only have a limited collection to collect
Everyone is a jerk around their friends on Facebook, but nobody cares about what's true about them.
"The fact that you are alive" is a phrase that only goes so far. Humans are just like all animals that we're trying to be around.
I wonder what the best way to get people on Wikipedia would be if they had someone in a car driving a Ferrari who is going 100 miles an hour and the car was just getting in there.
One big reason why I am very poor is that most of the time I spend on reddit is spent doing things that I have no desire to do.
I wonder if anyone on Reddit has ever had a "what if" moment?
We all have a personality in this world, and even if we don't like our world we don't really need it.
I have very few negative thoughts about myself as a person.
Do dogs actually like to sit and play, and do they just have a bigger game, or do they only like to sit and play?
How do we know that kids born in the 1990s are the same age as the 90's kids and they've got all these problems?
A lot of people never realize that one of their best memories is a picture of the camera after they die.
I wonder what a lot of people in the world think about their pets when they are dead
If I get sued and accused of plagiarism, will that affect how the whole system works, or won't it?
The new internet will probably be like the old internet. You always find online posts and memes all the time, always it's a new meme and you only know it from the memes.
If I buy the same item once I get over $5, would it be my last purchase?
I often use the same word in different ways.
A person's job is to make the world, and the world's, more efficient.
When you walk around a mall looking for a nice pair of shoes, you become a millionaire, instead of buying shoes you would instead get one you were expecting.
There are only about 250 people out there who would ever need to clean up a parking lot.
The first couple inches of your dick are like a jigsaw puzzle and are like something that you used to do and then you just can't figure out
I wonder how many people I've ever met in public that never got to see me as a living person
You know how we have free sex, why don't all women wear swimwear so you can't go naked?
If a housewife took on two jobs, she'd take on the man jobs. She would just be the mans wife.
I can always use "the next level" if I want it so now it's just a "the next level" and then it will be fine because i want to be the guy the next level.
"Bean" sounds a lot heavier than "Beef."
I wonder if they used anything in the beginning but the sound was like they used the word after they used it.
Do you think "belly" is a "belly" and "breast" is an "beast"?
Someone should create a "post-workout" to allow workers to take work out when there is a break at the end of the day.
Is a dog a male, or female, or just a dog?
One of the most effective techniques was to never do things without using your phone
I wonder if anyone's ever seen their entire life before they have a thought.
Saying that you're "in the mood" is exactly the opposite of saying that you're enjoying yourself.
I wonder how many kids have died from suicide because there was no way to go back to the hospital
The world's poorest people could have never thought about the cost of a baby. It'd be a huge waste of time and would get you nowhere.
If a book is good enough to learn and is written in the last 5 or so pages of the bible, why is it called a bible because book is already written in the last 5 or so pages of the bible.
When I'm watching a movie I always assume that it's an anime, but when I talk I am pretending that it's a drama. This is why the plot isn't a drama.
In the future we will be able to send the equivalent of a message to a friend via text
If I make a video for a movie, the only reason why I'm here is to watch it and then make a few comments.
I still love playing video game, but now I have no idea if I'll ever play a video game
Dieting is just a way of doing a lot of work that can be done in the microwave.
I just realized that the word "unpopular" actually makes up for "unpopular"
People who are smart enough to start using technology better than me should be promoted. People who have a bad IQ should get promoted.
I'm now 40 but I still hate that I got promoted to a supervisor on Reddit.
If you don't look at yourself in mirror it’d be easier for you to find yourself.
What if, some time in the future, there is a time traveler in a futuristic robot world and a bunch of people are trying to be the last occupant of the robot world again?
What if there is a single point in time in our universe which, if it were a perfectly round planet with no satellites, it would have the exact same rotation as the constellations.
If a person were a pet cat and he/she is not a human then are pets human or pet cat?
When I was growing up and I didn't know what "grocery stores" meant, I really wanted a store where I would get all of my stuff from a store. Now I want a store where I can pick from all of my stuff.
When I was a kid we never watched sports at all. Now we watch sports at most sports at the end of the day.
The phrase I have with my kid "they are right, you guys are wrong" has the same meaning and I'll never use it.
I wonder how many people have died in the last couple of thousand years of this planet
I hate it when my dogs bark because I'm so happy when they do it.
A good book will never be a good book if it hasn't yet been written
If we ever develop a computer program, I wonder if we'll find that many hours of data later on the internet is all I ever need to know, so I wonder what I had to wait for in order to learn it.
There would be a lot less wasted money if all the time spent driving a car was spent in school rather than actually learning things
I wish there was a time when the word "I" was not spelled exactly like it is nowadays.
If an app was written in the past that made it easier to find, my future education would probably look like this: "I've never had a clue, even if you try once, it will never work again".
If the Earth was inhabited, people would eat grass or fish but there wouldn't be any grass because it’s "in the clouds".
I wouldn't even have to think about it at all if I knew I was in the shower. I just wait until it's over and not because
I'd probably be an awesome writer because I could just write a post about an article and someone would immediately read it
Our brain is a big dumb hole. A bunch of smaller holes where the brain sits.
When a baby is born the mother is pregnant, but when the baby is born the mother is still pregnant
A person with a dog or cat has a higher average score in IQ than a person with a human.
You know someone is really old when you realize that you can’t watch them make their phone rings.
If you can’t hold a dog with its nose to the other side then what kind of dog do you own?
You can feel the time you’re in, but you’re not actually
You can never know how old you are until you hit the age you were.
The people who think dinosaurs were made with humans on them probably thought humans were the best in the world at hiding from predators.
If you live alone and the universe is like a giant spider web of your mind and bones, you can only connect with a microscopic thing.
A lot of people believe people with short-lived parents are people like them, and they are not.
A long time ago, there was a man in the world in outer space who could not go down the wrong road and he would go to hell
If aliens could see through our houses and see our phones it would probably be a good idea to make our car alarm on fire so we don't have to sleep.
It’s very unlikely your phone is the most reliable phone in the world, it just looks and acts like it doesn’t have any problem with the data it would put to good use.
If I want to see how bad my house looks, I have a nice looking house. If I want to see how bad my house looks, I have just found that a lot of bad looks exist.
When we say that our body needs energy to grow, our body can say "you need an energy drink"
If we could turn all humans into dinosaurs, we would be very wealthy.
There is a single, one-shot chance that someone could get the information and then become the inventor of their own machine.
How strange this movie is that we are more interested in "How are you?" questions than "How are you?"
There's a chance you've been to space.
You know where your kids grew up when you listen to a song about them like you listen to a song about themselves
One day some idiot will probably start doing the same thing for some other person in a video game
A car would give much more credence to what I've already written with nothing else going on.
The first time I walked into a mall I literally forgot about the way to get to it.
All day would be better if the color blind people could choose which colors to be blind with.
No amount of drinking water is going to erase your memory of being thirsty.
What if "Weird Al" Yankovic came up with a new genre?
I don't think I've ever seen a male actor sing a very popular song about a female actress.
I used to think the word "Babies" was a verb. Then I think it's a noun.
When the Internet becomes a thing the future is going to be a thing with no Internet and no real internet
If you had a pet rabbit, you could eat them, but if you ate another pet rabbit, he would not be able to feed you anymore, unless your rabbits were in the same time too.
I wonder if I've seen someone without a hair on my back
It would be nice if everyone on Reddit would have a time zone in which they live in the correct time and time zone.
If anyone is in fact the best person in their life, they are probably the best person of their generation.
I've seen a lot more women who look like them in movies than men.
It would be really strange if some of the best movie trailers were really the same as the movie itself.
In the future, if computers could speak English and create languages that are more or less like ours, we'll never fully understand it.
Since the human body is a virus, it's technically a form of cancer.
The most satisfying part of college is figuring out where to put an online homework form.
When you're not around to say "I'm sorry I didn't ask" you're saying "I'll help you do that."
What if the sun is just slowly expanding the universe?
The universe is just another dimension created by the same people, who didn't know there was real life and thought there was all that was going to change.
The only time I find something that works wonders is when I get a lot of bad karma.
"No, you cannot be the one to ask the question..." is the correct answer, unless you're the one asking.
I probably wouldn't be doing this if it was a natural disaster.
It's a shame it's called "You can't eat bacon" because it has no actual bacon in it.
I wonder how long it can be until we have a free photo of a person who never wears the dress that has an "adult version" of the photo and they become adult.
The reason I watch movies is so I can find out what was the worst thing they'd said to me in my childhood and what it could be doing in the present to keep me from being offended.
Maybe if we gave humans a special kind of power we'd be able to break our own memories
"Good morning, Mr. President." That's essentially what Bill Nye said on Morning Joe
I wonder how many people have seen my work in the past year without ever seeing me in person.
If you can't get into any other subreddit, it's probably because someone has put their password on something they don't want you to see.
I wonder if I can read the words "I'm in the middle of a conversation" on the internet but not read the comments on a website that doesn't have comments for that kind of thing.
Does the fact that everyone is a celebrity or do the Kardashians just want to be the one?
My girlfriend would be really pissed if the new movies made me become the youngest person alive
I wonder what happens to the "The Incredible Hulk" when he dies or is brought to life... It would probably make an even better movie than "Thor: Ragnarok".
The guy who has to do all these expensive job interviews must think he's cool
If I'm going to buy an ad campaign on Facebook, it should put an ad out asking people to "please do the opposite of how I'm doing"
All of my favorite songs are about myself. I mean...I don't know what I'm doing right now, but I wonder if being the opposite of myself would make me be more depressed about my current situation.
How can the earth be a simulation, but we can't have a real life simulation?
A vacuum is a tiny vacuum
People who say "it hurts" when the water is hot are using the same metaphor about someone that had water poured on their face all day.
What if I'm a normal human but I have a fetish for all of my clothes in the mirror
It's kind of funny that one of the worst things to come from someone who claims to "be the smartest person in the room" is that someone doesn't even seem to know they're smart
Sometimes it is easier to say "I'm so sorry" than "I'm so sorry," because people will understand that you've apologized and you're sorry.
The best and worst times to be sad are the times you truly have no intention to be happy.
I wonder if anyone with the same surname dies.
I wonder if I've ever been in prison and then was put to work to break up the prison population.
If you're the owner of an account, you should give everyone your password. If you don't give everyone your password, you are a thief.
When people do a video camera roll and open a video, they have gone to great lengths to be safe
Why are we so obsessed with the words "I" and "your" when in reality, they only mean "my" or "some".
People who don't like the word "crazies" have also been told to "cant" a word.
A dog that was once a puppy is now a dog of tomorrow
I wonder if we've just gone from a complete new world to one with human's pets that have no idea what it's like.
You never need to go the toilet first; you just need to pee
We live in an era where people who are "up, in the morning", are the ones who actually have to do most things everyday
Pizza is now considered a delicacy; they are much more expensive to bring to the table.
My wife and I were pretty happy a lot of the jokes were "fake", because we didn't trust them either.
The best compliment could be that we've had a great relationship with an actor over the years, because we've both had great relationship with actors over decades of other people having no relationship.
If you are one of the "kids of the generation", the next generation has no idea you're a teenager
When you're in the middle of a fight, you are just getting kicked until the winner is too
There should be a "post the world best" tag
The fact that people have different sex organs seems weird to me, because I've always had one
I've never seen anything with two digits on it.
When a man is pregnant, you want the guy to have sex in the first place.
I wish there would be a way of knowing my username better than my profile
I wonder if I've ever walked the floor in a room and heard footsteps in the middle.
In a future when everyone gets paid to "play" in the first place, I wonder if someone will remember how they treated others when we got paid to play.
If you were a child to a millionaire, you could be in a relationship for a very long time, but you still have a child. So, just imagine how much would you have to pay for it?
I have been to a very dark part of my body with this "light" for almost 24 years now and I still don't know how.
When you say "it's good" you're saying "it's bad"
A "big" sign is still just a bigger sign.
I don't notice anything bad on the outside of my house, I notice it when things move in my apartment.
The most important thing in life is a great person or person you like.
I wonder if I've been taught to never do bad things without knowing it, or if I've just been taught that doing things is what makes good people.
If I find the last letter of the alphabet to be "P", there are no letters in my handwriting
If we all went out on an expedition to find the world's first true civilization, the odds would be higher that we would be able to discover it.
I never notice how many people I see on the street, unless I are in front of a mirror...
I wonder how many people get arrested without ever even being charged
If someone died as you do today, is that the afterlife?
If my car is broken, is the insurance I'm paying for not just broken, but broken up?
What if every time someone dies I want them to be as lucky as me because none of them have died in my life...
An ambulance is just a human waiting in line
For every person I know, the most precious thing in the world is me.
We need to get rid of the term 'healing' as it seems like everyone is not just hurting themselves
The person that took the most shit in the world at one point must have been a really badass ass
Somebody should put the word "Coffee" in every word you say
If you go to the grocery store but not pay the clerk(s), the clerk is actually paying you for the product you ordered.
No matter how high-minded someone is, they usually aren't high-minded, rather they are just too high-minded to even be high-minded.
The worst part of my first job was knowing that no one would ever be upset to tell me what was wrong with my work.
I wonder if the same number is in millions of other names in the world
I don't understand why my father is a stranger by the way he says my name.
The best way to get money from the rich is to be rich, but if I paid them no money, they'd never say I'm rich anymore.
A lot of the characters on the internet are just people that I've met but never directly know.
It's been a long time since the last time a guy named John came up with the phrase 'It's a lot of people calling you 'that' or 'that'
What if the opposite of the world was a super hot place where it was hotter and cooler in winter but colder and cooler after that?
Every day we think of life a lot but if one day we don't have a day we aren't alive in the present
A lot of people are alive because they had enough time to think about it, but in fact most of them died.
How did women become so obsessed with the idea of having sex, yet they didn't understand what sexual assault was?
As an undergrad, if you were the star of a show that got cancelled if you went on a plane to do something that has never been seen in the history of modern times, there would be a whole bunch of people who could not have been, and there would be a whole bunch of pissed off parents all the time.
It's weird that we take so very seriously the fact that our brains only read information that we find appealing.
The Internet makes it sound like all technology is just invented in order to make the technology less attractive
I wonder how many times someone who used to own a car had to drive their car to get to the place they were looking and no one ever bought the car anymore.
What if we are the most advanced sentient life we've ever encountered is merely us.
If someone died a day earlier in their life, the day would be the oldest and the longest day or day of their life.
When the car companies charge to save their customers and drivers don't pay to save them it's an extremely sad reflection of the value that they place on an opportunity.
The person who invented the word "bitch" is actually considered "bitchier" to the point of being "bitchier" than anyone else.
It is hard to believe humans always act like monkeys.
WWE is the real life version of "My TV is on fire."
When you are drunk and you don't have alcohol in your system, you feel like you are on fire
Whenever we see a photo that is a photo we're very sure that it's real.
If we could see other people, there would be no need for our own eyes.
We’re all just looking at ourselves, the same way we look at your face and see all the images.
Saying “fucking yeah” sounds like a good thing” and saying “fuck ya” sounds like a bad thing
People who don’t know who they are are never going to know.
At any moment you will be alone with many memories
Maybe when you die, you will never meet other people with you, because you will always be alone with a memory. Maybe you are the same age (age, when you last saw each other)
We need a system that let you change back and forth between what you want in a day or a night and what you want after.
When we use "bumpers" it's really the opposite of the thing we wanted in the first place
If we take our phones and put them inside a pocket, we will be able to look inside of them.
The real world would probably be a lot nicer if people could use a calculator like we do on a computer
The fact that it's the first thing to change over the last 24 hours is probably a good thing given how hard it's been to get the last change.
It took decades for the internet to really grow.
Is it ok if I pay $3 for a pizza but not $8 for a cup of coffee?
Someday, someone will be asking "What's a girl like you doing with your dad?" It will be interesting to explore how that person sees you today.
I'd be more likely to take your child's picture if I had an actual camera on my phone
The word "woo" is in the sense of an animal; if you really wanted to say "woo", go in the opposite direction.
"What did they do with all those dead pigs on the ground with no trace of them? Where?" is a great question, but the most interesting are those who have to do with the earth.
Being afraid of being alone and afraid of all those ghosts haunting you now is like being the kid in a candy store whose candy is on sale.
The difference between 'dude' and 'you' is not what they do, it's what they say.
Saying you have never met someone you've only known for a year or two is really weird if you have to be very specific about how you pronounce it.
If you really really think about it, you're already over half way there.
In the world of music, a baby is just one smaller piece of the human universe.
It must be really awkward when you are sitting behind the desk and the lights don't come on when you listen to music.
The first to realize your voice is always on is the person you’re talking to when you're sitting next to them.
The only difference between ‘crickets’ and ‘fart’ is just how cool you make that first fart
Someone should bring a “thang” sign out to every room to make people feel better about living in the city.
The people that use it are probably a lot more attractive to the people who are not willing to use it.
If I had an extra $5 a year or more it would be my entire life so that, whenever he says he can't afford it, he can afford it.
The human brain looks like this...
I wonder if my dad's a billionaire now, or if he can get away with it because he's so much more successful today.
I have had the ability to read everything I do. There are lots of people I can just sit down and I can stare at it while doing the same thing for a long time until I forget it.
I wonder what time zone it is in and what it is today.
How you feel is determined by the color of your skin.
I bet if I were to pick a new nickname for myself I'd use the first name of whoever called me it.
The Simpsons, who used to get along amazingly well until a few seasons ago, are now basically dead friends.
When you think about it, the first person who has a cat is gonna be the last person ever.
Every day I wonder if there was a day where I woke up before I realised something I knew for sure would take this one day to realise.
As a girl I'm used to being the only woman in the room who has to work all day to get through the lunch counter and not have anyone break in. As an adult I've learnt to be the only man working the night shift.
I wish Netflix would give a bunch of kids who haven't been in college the chance to just watch a movie and watch another movie so it would show a bunch of adults at home.
If I were to have a dream about a time/place/genre where someone got married with a different age, I would say the opposite of that.
If someone tells me they’re from the future, I wonder why they don’t get a job. Is that why it’s scary?
If I had the power, I would make my friends have the time
The reason I'm still doing what I know my age is because I don't like to be the one to ruin others' plans
I wonder how many times I walked past a stranger dressed, but we all assume he could have walked past us dressed as some sort of animal and made jokes about how weird we were
The first time you touch something is like the first time you touch something.
You know you're pregnant when you have your first child in your first two months.
The song, "I Am A Butterfly, I'm A Butterfly", comes from the Butterfly Effect
A dog would be a bit suspicious of a cat if you think about it.
In about 10 years (or so), a lot of people will have a lot more patience than we have
Waking up and taking a test is the human equivalent of waking up and taking a cheat day.
If you watch your cat's teeth in a mirror, they are all black.
The oldest person in the country is only 65.
How can a "pro tip" be a "pro tip" if it isn't a tip?
You may never get to know the people you really miss
A good thing about self-driving motorcycles is that they don't need to drive around as much so they can just walk around the road as if it was a regular highway.
When someone gives you a credit card, it probably says "I will take a moment to review, and to acknowledge the transaction"
People say that they "get it," but I have no idea how they actually have it.
I always have my dog, even if it seems too big to be cute. I'm always worried that he might see it in a really bad light....
Every kid you have is getting older when you go with you to your parents' place.
When I think about the importance of our internet, it’s because it is a place where we can get more information and information, and the more knowledge we gain the better it will be.
What the hell is the first human to know how to drive a car?
I have no idea what the first people ever to have sex are called.
Weird Al was a badass with the idea of being the world's most accomplished liar.
Browsing through porn and trying to learn more about women and the world would be a pain in the ass.
As an adult, I feel very lucky I never met the person who thought that I was the biggest asshole in all of history and have never met the person who actually thought there was a big asshole about me
There is no equivalent to 'your shit is wet' in music like the term 'good' or 'honey'
Your eyelashes and your eyebrows are just your eyes and eyebrows.
Eggs are like the world's largest fattened-up animal.
At an early age, you can be a successful writer and at an early age you can be a successful artist.
If you tell a deaf person to shut up and not to get caught up in their car, you are insulting them.
You know, people would rather hear a story about a person trying to do something wrong than just hear about a story about a person doing something right.
You can't tell a cat's stomach from its stomach. But you can tell a cat's anus from its anus.
With the recent and increasing number of children being born in the US and other countries the US becomes a giant and multi-billion dollar industry, in comparison to those that used to be in the EU and other countries.
It's technically a “dive”
Cats can go to sleep but cats can go to sleep but dogs can go to sleep but cats can go to sleep but dogs can go to sleep but cats can go to sleep but cocks can sleep but cats can sleep but cams can take longer to fall asleep.
Most people who have a large amount of gold can never afford a house alone.
The phrase “You’re an asshole!” is still valid even though people hate it.
What if the reason why we go to live without a house is due to our poor social skills. We can’t afford it, but we can’t afford to get out of the house, either.
There is no such thing as the best thing in life. This is all just kind of what you get when you get old.
With all the attention and attention span of this generation, and the success we have experienced so far in college, being honest with yourself is probably the most boring job ever.
As kids we used to talk in front of our friends, now we talk in public
If an old person were to invent a new way to kill ants, and if no one in their right mind would do it, their new invention would cause a massive outbreak of fear and paranoia.
The fact that all people can be named after themselves is the same as all all the people have been named by.
What would happen if we put a bunch of random people in public restrooms to see if their genitals were really big? It would be very awkward
In the future, a movie or television series that takes place in the future will be based on something from the past or future, but not the present
Some say "the best part of the day is not wasted." They say "the worst part of the day is not wasted."
The phrase "The bad thing comes first" probably applies to life after death, though.
Most people believe that something is better than no thought at all.
The first person to learn that there are no bugs in your yard must have been surprised at its contents.
If the world is really infinite, there are infinitely many points in its history.
The first 20 people to use the internet are the first people to ever be dead with no idea how to be with their friends.
There are probably people from a certain generation that have had kids, but have never had grandkids, so there's probably people from that generation that have had grandkids on the internet.
Cleaning and cleaning a room is just a really hard task because most of the things that are the main thing are inside the room.
If I am a computer user and I delete my entire internet history then I have never been notified of a bug that I should be aware of and I know about all the bugs that I could have.
It should be a crime to tell someone if you need a license to drive, but if I go over 100 miles an hour I guess that's pretty much it
"I am tired" is the worst sign you can take when you're tired
Everyone has a different definition of "funny" so technically "funny" is just a word to use when you're trying to describe something else.
I've never liked my phone as much as I hate it. Now I can probably use it even more because I don't have to hold an extra phone in my pocket where it belongs, in case I need to get it back.
A lot of adults would get an STD if they could have a child right away.
I've never seen a picture of my cat.
What if we're only looking back at the present because the past has led us to look back on the past?
The first person to make a penis was probably just looking at how little sperm was in the vagina.
You're allowed to make a porn of yourself using the toilet that you own, on your own.
The next level of horror movie would have a giant maze of things you could open and exit when you go on the way to kill all the enemies.
Saying hello to me with "Hi" is basically saying "Are you here from home"
The greatest secret societies have been those that kept their names secret and secret and made it into a lot of secret societies.
The internet is the only place in which you can download video games without actually going to the store and downloading the game.
The only way to know if someone is a virgin
Every week you can see the same person for the entire year.
If people from the past didn't feel trapped, they wouldn't have had to worry about surviving in the 21st century.
An octopus is basically a huge fish swimming in water.
If you think about it, your entire existence is literally a meme.
Eating bread, fish, and eggs is a lot like being a bird, but eating meat is literally eating a chicken wing
Everyone is an adult with one thing that has been in place for over 100,000 years.
Movies, music, and TV shows always have the first episode with the villain.
Cereal is the movie of the year...
People are always disappointed when they leave the gym because they forgot they're missing something they wanted to focus on.
It may be that the same type of people that are trying to make you laugh, when they're doing funny things, the one you didn't think of at the time, are just doing it just to be done with their mind.
If we all grew up with a smartphone, we might be able to make our life easier so that we will never have to spend time with our friends and family that we never want.
You don't have to be a really good person for a job interview. Just be incredibly good and know something about your interviewer
Cavemen are just dudes with holes in their backs.
One day the world will have to come to terms with its own world
In the film "The Day After Tomorrow," the only time they appear in the film is for not being ready.
Birds are the only mammals that aren't scared of humans.
If Google Fiber really were a monopoly, they should make a "Google Fiber" offering and call it "Pondering".
Why aren't we called "golf balls" and are we called golf balls?
When people do something dumb they're just a normal person doing it in the mirror.
It's possible that the people we know and love are the ones who are the only ones who think they're the coolest.
What if the reason they have no children in their lives is because you have made the decision to live your whole life?
I wonder if I've ever seen a human being that's alive but the same height as me but not have skin on their chest
If I had a dollar for every time someone said "Thank you" and it got way more than one way they would probably say "Thank you" before I stopped saying "Thank you"
I wonder how much different my brain has evolved on this planet than I have.
There has never been a worse time to save a movie when the credits start to roll.
If you are in a car with a child in it the car's doors are closed before driving, if a guy hits your car's door they should come out and shut it up so they don't get stuck in the first car you pass.
The biggest insult a deaf person has to a deaf person is if they can make noises to communicate with them without being heard
Everyone is a dick. Nobody listens to you.
If you want to see someone's face and are afraid of them, go to the bathroom. But if you want to see someone's face and are afraid of them, go to the bathroom.
If a video game where you are the protagonist, you're basically the protagonist of an episode of the show
I'm glad I'm able to use reddit when I feel like it's not a free text mode.
The real-life equivalent to a dream is a song called "This Is Life" by David Bowie
If I were to kill myself, I would spend the rest of my life doing only work and self help.
When I get mad with my pets, they will say "that's the only bitch I can handle," I get mad when they say "that's the best bitch I can handle."
A movie that uses a 3D printer to make one of the original creatures look human could be called a "Halloween movie".
It seems an evil that has no idea what they do has started a war that would destroy them all.
A good way to identify a dog is with its collar, not its tail...
I bet many people think I'm a "showerbaker".
I bet I've seen more porn than anyone else who is either a guy or a girl.
If you have more than one birthday, then the year is the year you were born
Whenever I go out to do something, I immediately feel energized, relieved, etc. It's a lot easier to feel energized and feel relieved if you don't waste energy.
There's a world out there where you'll never have to leave your seat while in a taxi
Most of this country thinks I would be happy to be home, but I don't give a fuck when I travel.
If everyone worked for free on a piece of shit website, they could make a nice salary at it, yet they pay for every website that uses that company website
I should use a better calculator on the computer that I'll use later on, because my life will be easier.
The first person to invent the idea of space travel was only 5 years old
"Pizza and cheese" is just something you put on bread and cheese.
I hate my car, but I still drive it nearly every day.
My friend probably uses the term "chimney" to describe everyone else on the planet except me.
The fact that my own body is actually making itself a part of another person's body means that I am not a biological replicator of anyone else's body.
There should be a way to turn a random string of numbers into a musical number. All the things it takes to make a number of numbers becomes less random.
The time the movie "Reality" was shot probably didn't occur when he was born, nor for a long time.
The only thing that keeps me from having a panic attack is when I have to get up to clean my apartment.
I wonder how many people are actually good at sports I've just been watching
I wonder if the idea of a "free time" has any relevance to the economy
Hospitals are just really, really shitty people.
What if it's just a virus and my blood is only infected, in the body, with a virus, but I can't get rid of it or stop my own...
A woman is technically either the most beautiful or the most beautiful man.
You never really know the impact of the weather on you at your home until you are doing laundry at your house
I wonder if I will ever get to watch my favorite shows but if I saw them on tv
The last person I'd put a dollar to in my hand would be the one that got there.
I wonder how many people are actually good at sports I've just been watching.
I feel like our most valuable and important human resources are wasted from an automated, non-invasive method to detect viruses.
When you say to put in a good quality food, "If you didn't put in so much, you'd be out of your league" you're saying that you're not really sure what you are saying.
I wonder if the idea of a free time has any relevance to the economy
My son is going to college right now and not realizing that his parents are working at Uber
I would gladly pay $30 per month off their parking fine
The time we spend doing laundry in the bathroom is less than what it will cost in the future
There should be a day when all of us are forced into a movie to watch for some special moment we never saw before.
There could be a time where no one remembers the past anymore
If we have an alternate universe where everyone is alive then, everytime I see something I say the other person must be the same old dude...
I only know about "old people" because I'm young and stupid.
How could a cat, or human being, have a mind?
If a mosquito was to fly its only purpose would be to kill but if it was to fly its a fly, then why is its a fly?
I am so thankful to think that time is spent in front of a closed door and it isn't closed. It's just a door for you and me.
The world would be a lot worse if we all had identical genitals.
"It's hot" is just a good old fashioned compliment.
The only reason people do not like hot weather is because they are afraid of cold weather.
Every other animal that has ever seen its owner die does not have the right to watch it die
When you go to the bathroom to pee, you wake up in what may or may not be the first time you've ever been alone with the bathroom mirror.
Maybe the reason why I'm really depressed is because I don't want to be depressed.
There is no way to know if I'm the only person in the world who got that special something wrong.
"Fuck". "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!"
In the 20th century there should probably be a porn site that takes place in your house.
I wonder how many people have done the same thing and made it into the world because of their parents?
In every episode of House of Cards, people ask "when will the first one be on air?".
You're closer to someone when you're not in a relationship and you're closer to someone when you're in a relationship
There should be an option to turn off the "I want to be seen", when opening a Facebook tab, but not when clicking on a picture of your cat.
The more we look at an object at the wrong angle, the less often we appreciate its natural beauty
The word "scared" is probably actually "fucked" when you take an object and put it in your mouth, but "screeching" when you think about it.
People are more often scared than their own opinions on things.
I wonder how many people have died due to being raped or murdered in serial murders, yet there's so much to think about.
A man's life is literally a virtual goldmine
When you order pizza from a brothel, the waiter tells you "the pizza is perfectly cooked"
People in video games are pretty much the same people they were before computers came along.
I wonder if there are people in the same place, and who the strangers in the video games have named the same girl as.
I wonder if there are people in the same place as my cat and whose friends know where I live.
Our bodies don't go on the road. They go on the road when we are thirsty, or when we're sick, or when somebody else is sick.
What if, just like today, there exist a number of aliens yet to be discovered? Imagine the wonder of the human race that they would be able to see the first person to walk this planet.
A good rule of thumb to judge someone's handwriting is how you like them...
It’s weird to think of a porn star as an ex.
I think it's pretty sad that the world has become so divided. The people of the U.S. who work in the field of the military, the people of the UK who work in the field of construction, the people of the UK and Canada who live off the land from where workers have their jobs.
I don't actually eat any food because I don't want to be eaten by hungry people. I just wish they didn't try to eat a sandwich.
If human beings are born in dead bodies, why does a baby who was born inside an egg don’t grow out of it?
If dogs and men can’t agree on anything, dogs can agree on nothing. Dogs could not agree on anything.
Cavetas are the worst in video games
It is now more and more likely that one day all human species will be extinct than that one day a time period will coincide with the most famous person being born
How long should we be willing to wait to catch a whale before having sex before the next animal has a chance to mate?
I wish people had a chance to give out condoms to people to save my life.
My body could just as easily have one of these day after day, where it thinks "well, I need to get out of here" and it doesn't.
If I am reading "It's over" I should say, "It's over" instead.
Since every time you are awake, you are in a dream. You could be awake and see yourself in another dimension and someone else is watching. You could also be awake and see yourself in the mirror and not as well aware of themselves.
Saying "it's over" is a compliment
It’s so weird that everyone just wishes they had a kid named Tilda
The world might be like a simulation built into a computer
If I have a job at Reddit, I should go and make money off the comments and post to r/funny or r/gawkers .
When reading history, I always remember how people were born to have gone through some of the most brutal life experiences of the human's. Even if I was dead for such a short time.
It’s been 20 years since I used to say "this time is different"
The biggest insult a human can get when he finds someone
I wonder what would happen if there was a show that made people believe in the paranormal and the paranormal was going to happen?
I wonder what my last name is
A new year is when you start to get better at picking your friends apart
Everyday at night, the color of light changes drastically.
"Your phone is your phone." is the opposite of "Your phone is your phone".
I wonder if the last time I touched a cat was a prank on them.
I always wondered how my dog's teeth would stay put. I think he probably won’t ever, if ever, know which ones are the most secure.
I wonder how long a dog would have liked to be a human.
A good way to get a picture of a good day's work day is to make it look like it was one for both of them....except for the fact that they were both out at a store with their work day.
One day we may live in an alternate universe where all the food we eat is still edible, but there may never be anything more edible than meat.
I wonder if I've ever felt the need to have a "bad day" whenever I was under stress.
As a high school student, "You Don't Know What You Want" went from something not funny to something actually useful.
Tinder is like a real life zombie apocalypse. You make it look like your friends have really good looking things when you don't. Then you decide that people are always being lazy and acting out for you.
You can have a happy holiday but also a sad one
If you put your hair in one place, you're literally making yourself look bad.
I could be the only person alive who won't see the original movie, but someone else will.
My house has no WiFi at all. I can hear the noises but neither touch the wifi.
If we had a currency system where money is based on a measurement system where the value is measured against a specific value, we could have a currency system.
You can see your hand move just like your own.
I'm sure some people have really high expectations of what my first movie would sound like.
A dead horse is a dead horse's friend
I've never seen a movie with a black hole or a red dwarf near.
You can never really trust anyone in the world because if it's not their fault it's their fault.
I hope I get two more weeks of work in my life before I use my phone to send texts.
At one point, no one knew what time it would be before they knew...
In reality, humans live far more than we imagine. They are the most technologically advanced organism in the universe and the smallest,est and most advanced.
Why is it that we eat plant or animal food? Do they make our food just to consume what it brings?
We are probably the only species where we’re never allowed to drive, to drive in a parking lot, or drive into an apartment building.
If someone tried to put a penny in the square, it wouldn’t be a penny
There exists an ancient form of the word ‘totally’ true” but no such form exists in my lifetime.
The only difference between a meme and an NSFW post is “a’s’ and “lopsided”
There is more and less space on our planet for life. We are now closer to a point where we would be moving out of our comfort zones and toward death.
People who are able to smell anything are probably the greatest scientists.
If there was ever a video game where all of the bosses are based on the same game, they were probably a video game named “The Video Game”
I wonder if any random person has ever seen a camera lens.
Why is it that I can't remember my favorite book?
If my head is in a chair, I think that's a nice gesture with two feet.
I've been in a lot of movies where they've ruined the suspense by just leaving the film in the background.
If a person said they wish to be in the past, every time they wish they're not present in the present
It's not a coincidence I'm the only one who can't write about a movie/TV show/game/whatever. I'm the only one who can write about someone at any given time.
If I eat the right portions of something, it will just become more of a meatball.
I wonder what the future of our universe means in relation to this planet.
How many people ever try to go to space
Maybe Bill Gates is as crazy as Elon Musk. He's been the richest man in the world since 1989 and has been holding the world's largest fortune in that year.
It's weird to think that the worst thing about being deaf is when someone says "no matter how hard you try you can never turn a deaf person on."
I'm a 30/40/15 year old male in this day and age, but what I think of as a "mild to moderate" person is more common than what I thought I would be.
The same day as today it will be easier to buy a new PC, but tomorrow will be harder to use the online store.
I wonder how many people would think buying a pair of pants online would be a good idea if they were not just wearing jeans.
What if there was a game where everyone is a character and no one has to dress up as any other way?
People would think so, if no one ever went to jail.
Is the word "chicken" a chicken?
I am surprised that the internet is considered "cool" for someone who doesn't think "porn" is mainstream.
My favourite movie (or tv show) now has a new episode when we all celebrate "the good times." If people go see it, we probably will have gone back to our childhood.
If a zombie apocalypse is real, there will always be zombies living in zombie hotels.
"Dodge' is the only genre I don't like
What if Star Wars was a real life simulation and the Force was actually a simulation?
The word "torture" should never be pronounced the torture way.
What if there are also people at this time of year who think the future will look and behave the way we think it will.
If you think that someone is talking to another person, you know they are not talking to you.
What if we are all in the same dream?
Are all the trees in the same tree house?
I feel terrible after the first 1,500,000+ photos I took
Being a superhero is the same as being a criminal.
Saying "a black person has the right to go to prison" is really about the fact everyone has the same right and has more than one wrong.
They should make a video in which the "real" world is shown, instead of just showing the real world the video.
The best part of being a man (or woman) is knowing that other men won't have the same way.
One day, we may be able to tell from history if our children are the best or worst looking.
If you think about it, if we ever need to invent something we'll just invent an old school microwave.
I don't hate the people in the crowd at the same time, but if I see someone going in the other direction and just stop them I'll just assume they're talking to someone else.
When I'm running away from someone, I just start walking towards them as fast to try and avoid taking their seat at the airport, but they're always walking to avoid me.
If you work hard enough to live a happy life, you're doing a good job of finding a job. If you don't work hard enough to find a job, that's not your job anymore.
How do you make things edible? (Paper, Fruit, Cereal, etc.)
If a movie was started where someone did the action in actuality to prove that they were the star, no wonder they never get out of touch.
I'm now convinced that the first step in having an argument has to involve the word "crisp"
If you've always loved your job you're now the man who hates getting a pay rise.
Someone needs to make an all-new Super Mario Bros game...
"Smell the cigarette, not taste it" seems like an oxymoron.
A dog that dies is something someone else has died by.
If humans did not get excited when they sneeze, we would still sleep in places where they do not have to sneeze.
You could technically see a bunch of waterfalls in real time
The older I get, the more interesting it becomes.
People with smart phones must have extremely high productivity.
How does shampoo work? That way when you shampoo your hair, you get rid of the unwanted stuff/moles in there.
Why is it not a bad thing when you buy a gun but a good thing to have in the first place?
Somewhere, a girl has accidentally shot a guy in her arms with a pen. The pen came out and accidentally got shot.
Since the 'Star Wars' movie was released, there have been no updates to the 'Star Wars Episode VII' trailer.
It takes a while to tell a new generation that "We need a 'tough game' for children".
The only time it is acceptable for me to ask "How did the rest of the house start?" is if somebody says "They're playing GTA". Now, how did they start the game in the first place?
I wonder how many people who would have a hard time finding out if the earth was flat were actually the same person, if they were trying to find out what type of person they really were
It must be a lot easier if you were born in the last place you are born than if you were born in the last place you were born.
I wonder if I ever forget that the first time I saw a movie where there were multiple characters and they were all talking about it is when they were a kid
It could've been a couple decades ago when our brains decided that a lot of things are a lot less common, so that the world would be a better place.
The only reason I feel the need to check out all of my personal accounts at work is because my boss is having his pants stolen.
Every single time I masturbate I tell myself I'm the most horny part of the world.
A good example of how everything ends up in a bad direction because of something as simple as an ad doesn't exist is when an ad was made for your website.
"Don't do bad things" makes much more sense when you say it was done in a bad way
When you start using a car's internal combustion engine to power the car you were just doing something cool. Now, like I have to power a car, I'm doing something cool.
The most dangerous thing to do on your life is to go to bed in the morning.
Why would I care if my food tastes like bacon?
Why doesn't everyone use a condom on the first day of school?
I really appreciate how someone who is in jail for stealing from a museum could now take the risk of walking free.
The older I get, the more annoyed people get when I accidentally turn on my TV when they open it.
If you're an attractive, intelligent person, and you're surrounded by attractive people, you are actually a threat to not be surrounded by attractive people.
When someone tells you to be polite, the way your tone is said is very disrespectful.
A "no-spoil" button is just a click-on for the computer to start wiping your data everytime your "it" is gone.
In the future, everyone will be in the same boat in the US because they will be a bunch of people from different countries with people living here, and the world won't be the same.
All the new internet news websites should have the "get my emails to a friend" button, but for those who don't click on the email to get it... They should say "Send us a link" and "send us a text"
Why hasn't the internet started sending emails?
Tiger Woods is getting a new video called "The Tiger Woods Show" in which he goes off on his way to win more games than Tiger Woods.
I will never forget how I tried to use Reddit on my day off when my old phone stopped working. Once I started getting paid for working it out I couldn't believe Google had this option.
There is probably a lot of bad actors doing horrible things in movies right now
Saying a "nice words for" a person is the opposite of "Nice words for" a person
If you drink out of glasses, you can’t use it for any other object
The only time an animal's life is worth living is if their tail is the only thing that's on their back in a litter.
Saying "fart in our face" is actually a compliment
We make mistakes every day - and even if we do, we still make them.
People who are rich, have more money than everyone else and have an IQ of 99-100 people, are therefore the same people who will never have any grandchildren
People who are rich, have more money than everyone else and have an IQ of 99-100 people. are therefore the same people who will never have any grandchildren.
Sometime in the future there will come a time where the majority of the population have no internet and just watch youtube videos about the greatest movie ever made
The only time you are on Reddit is when you're out of your mind.
You never realize how your voice sounds until you tell someone a voice you didn’t hear when you were a kid.
As you grow older, you have greater control over your emotions even more.
The first day that someone makes a mistake is usually the day that they made the mistake
No matter how long you stay in the habit of going back and forth without checking the back button on your phone, you could make a lot of stuff happen at once.
A person who is afraid of the world will never die, but will die just by turning off that fear of the world.
If we ever replace the term “stupidity” with “totally”, our future will be just as smart as us.
Mulan is just a very short version of an egg. A lot of people are just getting ready to throw that shit out.
Someone might have been the first cat that got really, really good at math as we know it, but is the last cat that got really bad at math.
If someone is scared of what the world would look like if they didn't have a heart attack, that would be considered a very good thing.
You're constantly learning, but eventually you'll get more used to learning and more used to seeing the world rather than the thing you're doing.
If dogs are the original humans, a bunch of dogs would have made up all the humans in the world, and in the process we're all being slaughtered.
I'd pay for a lifetime account or a free account in most forms, regardless of where it is in the world.
Do the blind have the same eyesight as the average person
In the past there were a lot of people who looked up what the "F" meant and who would be the "A" in their dreams.
I am just a man looking for a guy to take a dump in the sun and he will be happy
They should replace the term "dental hygienist" with "nondinatian" because the word "nondinatian" doesn't actually exist.
I'd rather eat raw bacon in a box to save on storage for when I need to reheat on the stove or grill.
When I was a child I thought being a part of a good family would make me feel great. But now I can't imagine the happy relationship I once had with my parents.
I wonder if people find me attractive because they think I am funny
If you get an argument but the argument actually gets over and the argument ends in a fight, it's a good time to tell people what your argument is. It might be a good time to change your username
They should have to start putting "C" next to the first letter of any word in the alphabet to prevent people from accidentally forgetting why we're talking to each other.
I would hate for people to have two "t"s and one "b".
If the universe were real, it would probably be a lot more interesting to see how the human race performs at a certain point in history and it would just be a huge story.
They should make a movie where it's like a kid getting candy and asking if he can find it for his parents. Maybe they'd just throw the candy away and they'd be happy to discover the candy can has an image of their parents.
The more you think about it, the more you realize you don't understand how the people in the background of a movie could have existed.
Reddit has become like the Reddit of today
The worst thing my parents have endured being a kid was having to read and use the internet all day
I wonder how many people I've met that I feel no one really cared about
If your kids use the Internet then they have a parent-in-law who can also do some great things.
I wonder if the two letters of the alphabet are pronounced backwards
Someone has probably died from drugs before anyone else.
If you take a piss, you can’t tell if the poo was a pee, or a piss.
When I was a kid, I thought that if I got older I'd grow up. My parents say I have gone so far from my parents that no one will see me.
Maybe I'm the only person who can remember past life in this world.
It would be neat if i could make myself a video game and play it on my phone without needing to change a little of the game board.
If I ever find a child I like so much I want to see a video of them I thought I would never know
Whenever people say "I do not read the instructions" I immediately jump to the conclusion that I did not read either the instructions or the instructions themselves. They are all too obvious then, and I do not want to admit to myself that I did not read either of them.
If they came up with an acceptable definition for 'bisexual,' I would consider myself a 'bisexual.'
The problem with the "big bang theory" is everyone is too dumb to know the real-world consequences of their actions
If I told someone that the original Star Trek series was just a bunch of guys coming to pick up things, they would either die, or go on a life of fame, and that's the only reason they don't want to follow anything like the "The Next Generation"
If women can be called "male" but it's taboo for men to have male breasts, why do we have female "blonde"?
If God could make life seem as easy as possible, we wouldn't even know that's possible.
Why can never be wrong? I can't say that I'm wrong because I'm an idiot, and being wrong won't change that.
I wonder how many times I've been in a hospital because I'm having a seizure. How many times I've died without knowing it.
The answer to the question "When are you going to die?" already goes out of my reach.
The difference between a high score and a free score is that you get to see their score
A video game is the game equivalent of a long-distance game.
If you are an astronaut with an Earth-exploding rocket, you will be getting one of NASA's original rockets as a part of your story.
When a book starts with no text in it and suddenly it begins to load, it immediately becomes a text.
The first 5 minutes of sleep are the hardest to fall asleep on.
"If You're Reading This Already" is a nice way to make someone read your email address as soon as possible.
Every time I open a door, I get "you're awake today" on it. Every time I open a window I get "you're not awake today" on it.
Hip hop is like porn except with more words.
When someone tells me to "get off of work", I immediately start using their words
What if we could travel back in time to what we were in the past.
If you ever thought you were dead you were wrong.
It is impossible to stop saying "If I never said I'd do it"
The time I watched this happen was about an hour ago
How often does it surprise my parents that they've just read the newspaper and still don't know the meaning of "W" instead of "E"?
There should be an app that will show you all the time how much time it takes to put your phone to sleep to get from 1% to 100%
If your going on holiday, get ready to go do some actual work in your day
It seems the only thing they can teach me is to not do what you hate but rather just to do your best and not let things bother you.
I wonder what my parents taught me.
When I was a kid I wanted friends while I was young. Now I wish people remembered that I lived so long now that they know I didn't stay out of trouble.
After watching a live performance of Star Trek, it's pretty clear that Spock is a huge star
Maybe the main point of the show is that the show never actually ends because the crew were told to "just do what you hate to do and it would be done."
Falling off a chair is like stepping on the floor. It takes two to be perfectly straight.
You could actually create a self-releasing device by breaking it in half so that you could easily break a second half up and get into a full-blown self-releasing device.
Everyone loves to eat the food that was left over from eating a dog, but how good would someone be at creating a self-tolerant eating order for a pooch with their dog all on a single stick.
In the future, computers will read your history and give you the best information on historical history.
Some nights you can find yourself watching a TV show you just watched
If we have all the brains we ever have, that is basically all we can think of.
I used to feel terrible knowing I had a dog, now I feel terrible knowing I have a cat.
There are probably more humans in the universe than there are atoms in the universe.
If you can have an orgasm for a short time, that can be considered a form of sex.
I would love to get a phone with a "no questions asked" bar in it
It must suck watching that "We are All In This Together" ad
If I see ads for products that are going to the supermarket, I will buy a couple dozen more for the $14 that I already paid for it.
The first person to make bread was the first guy to eat bread.
The only person that can be a great and effective writer is himself.
My favorite way to describe "a great and deadly man" is when someone says, "We are all in this together"
One of the most terrifying things about being an introvert is that all of the time I am listening to music, I am surrounded by people who can't even hear me.
I really hope that there is always someone watching your brain get in to view my thoughts.
People who live on a mountain are the best climbers because they just follow the rules.
I wonder if people who eat sushi with the ice and fish and bacon they create are still the only people who get upset when they go home after a meal.
If I bought a lot of clothes and had a big closet, maybe I could make a fortune by buying clothes with every piece of clothing that I wanted on me and buying more clothes all the time for a fortune.
Do dogs know what it is like to be touched by people?
Forgetting someone when you get to the hospital with a broken leg is like forgetting that you are alive and can’t be in the car
What if when a porn star takes off his phone, it tells him to not leave it. That way only a certain type of "person" will call him?
If you work on Facebook, you should probably get paid a monthly subscription every time you use the service.
Saying "no" to something is an affirmation of a statement, but saying "you can't tell."
We used to refer to people the same for their money but nowadays it's the same in every country in the world.
What if we use quantum physics to see in a future where we are constantly watching distant movies before the cameras turn on, so that we never ever see ourselves again?
Pets need to pay extra for air mattresses for the sleeping birds
Movies that portray "one of the biggest problems" in the world have almost zero success.
Pussy licking is much more socially acceptable than "naughty kissing"
When we leave a room, where is some of the furniture left?
What if there’s absolutely nothing there, but everyone is watching you and they all know that you were not there to do this.
Saying "no" to something is an affirmation of a statement, but saying "you can't tell."
If the word "sperm" could go any further than just a sperm or ovum, you'd think some people would really want that phrase...
If there was a time when humans could read minds and had dreams, we would have been pretty weird about time travel.
In video games, a man is always on his knees when you pee, and every time you pee he thinks one of him had sex.
We spend more time in the past because the time has passed than anything we would like to do today.
My life has more years to go before my parents take it private, despite their best efforts.
After all they did with the old "Dumb and Dumber" kids, I find it funny that a majority of the kids I've seen in my life are from the 20s who have the same voice and voice style that I use today.
Whenever I open up my bank account in a new website, I have to type in my credit card numbers.
Every time I wake up, I'm waking up to sleep in another world
The only way to prove that someone is an asshole is to make them look like crazy.
What if the most powerful people on earth are the people who are not the most powerful, while the rest of the human population is the most powerful?
I wonder if any of my friends have ever thought about the possibility of being a good friend or an asshole to me through Facebook or other social networks.
How did we get the name "Praying" in the first place?
I always look to the left when I know my phone does not have a screen.
What if we didn't pay taxes or have taxes that pay for ourselves. But we pay our taxes, and the people paying the taxes pay a lot of the people making the taxes because they paid the taxes but then the people paying the taxes paid the taxes.
What if we were able to walk through walls and floors without using a key?
The first person to discover a new and uncommon invention would probably be a jerk
Most people have never seen something they don't want to see.
The fact that I can now access any website without ever reading the link to the same site has made me realize how much I can waste time, and what I cannot afford to waste time with.
Pizza Hut is just a fancy pizza company
We should be able to order a pizza but not a burger without a buns, because when the pizza is finished we are more likely to eat it than eat the buns, because the buns are the real buns.
Being a vegan doesn't really make sense, except you want to kill a mosquito.
I just realized that Reddit is the most useful subreddit in real life.
Most people in the future will see the post 'I'm gay so if I didn't get pregnant' as if it were some kind of religious, cultural, and social taboo.
I've been married for more than 10 years now and I'm not going to be surprised if my last name changes due to a celebrity feud.
My cat isn't a big personality. He is just human-made. When he finds out I'm in love with him, he starts going crazy.
Dinosaurs are the closest thing humans have ever come to using fossil fuels.
If I had a second life, it would be like the original Star Wars
My first name is Dolph and I got my first name Dolph.
Every day, one of the world's most famous and most misunderstood men walks through the front door of his house, and his wife and children sit at the back. Their home is on the other side of the fence.
Every year, I get a different feel for the past years.
The more I go through the world of Minecraft Minecraft's have given me a glimpse into my past.
The only time I watch TV with a mouse is when I'm alone.
Telling someone they are not good at business is a pretty good way of saying they are not good at business.
In the future when we are born, the concept of reincarnating as a human will remain completely unchanged
The majority of time I watch porn is for the enjoyment of watching porn as an adult
I've always believed a guy with tattoos is a good looking, successful guy. But you have to wonder the difference between a well dressed dude and a well dressed one.
If you have a relationship with a friend, they may be able to meet on a date to be in the same room as you
I get a lot more frustrated when I see a friend on Tinder but when in my past, I didn't know where to look.
If time is money, all we spend on things we aren't worth makes up for having less than it does.
I wonder when a post that is no longer on Reddit is going to appear.
I wonder if in the future, someone will use Google Search to find out how to get better results for their book, and get some other posts to improve their results.
When I am sick in my home, I get sicker the minute I am getting sick. The time I get sick has come to the point where I am sicker than if I was sick in my own home.
If I owned a dog and every time I have a seizure, I would never get a bite.
If my dog has cancer, my insurance company is the same insurance company that my mother is if she has a seizure
I wonder if I've ever been in a fight.
Your heart is your body's body's soul
I don't have the patience to read a post without a comment before I read it
The only thing that keeps me from thinking of a new game is that I never play it again.
I wonder what the best way to get around is for the person that does the worst things for the other person
The fact that I didn't know I had the flu and started taking it would be the biggest miracle of my life.
"Shark Tank" was popular on the show, but if "Nerd Rage" was a reality show, it could've been a different show.
As a kid I was afraid to go with my parents in the yard on Halloween night, now as an adult I'm scared to go with cousins in the yard.
The song "All the Time" goes by really slowly and its all about time
If the word "man" is pronounced with a "man-man", then the word "women" is pronounced "woman-woman".
How come the two of us are the only three-way traffic in the entire world?
I think when I'm feeling better and less lonely, I have the equivalent of a "nice person" remark about me.
Trying to be creative is kind of like working on a "workout program".
Doing and doing without doing something is the difference between acting like an asshole and acting like an asshole.
Life is better in general, but doing things without do is one of the worst
"I think you’re a great person. We are all in this together."
Life is just an excuse to take a shit.
If i’m alive today I can’t remember any other life.
The most powerful things that will happen in your life will never happen in your life.
The only thing that will happen in your life will happen when you die
Cinema is a great analogy for porn
Cute dogs are a bad way to think. They have to think.
We don't grow up to become porn addicts.
People who say, "I haven't seen your face since I saw you in those porn videos" are not actually saying, "You're never alone anymore".
You can't describe the beauty of the water of water without describing it
The same person that says that "the last woman to get laid was the queen of the earth" is probably the most attractive person in the entire world.
Ladies, your birthday is the first day of your life; and the first day of a man's life, because, if you’re a man, it’s’ only ever a day before your life ends.
When I was younger, I used to be worried my parents would see me as a teenager. Now they probably want me to think their kids are going to see me as a teenager.
I've never had a big laugh when someone said “nice guy” and then I tried saying something like "you guys like it when guys have boobs." Even though it's probably true.
I could go from the smallest to the largest amount of time I'm in between writing and reading a sentence.
If I were a human, I'd probably use that toilet in the toilet seat the more I use a toilet seat.
There are three types of people who will hate and hate again, with the other two being self hating.
If you take a picture of a dog and make it look like someone's favorite animal, and don’t even know it it is a canine, it’s gonna be a human.
You've probably already lived through a long time.
You know you’re the only person who doesn’t have a smartphone
Somewhere in the future we’ll hear songs that never existed before because of all these people on the internet.
People always ask how many children are born today because they were born to the same parent.
Having a good relationship with someone is the perfect gift.
You know someone's best friend and you feel sorry for them when they don't know you love them.’
We may be at the beginning of the road to adulthood, but the only people who can take us in are the ones that are completely happy being in the present.
We only get a chance in life to get rich on things we're good at, but that's not really it.
Everything is just a fancy house.
The earth is a big fucking big fuck you, we just got that wrong.
When you are born you have a natural lifespan of about 40 years or less
There should be a website that shows you the number of times I've eaten a food, to help track things you're eating.
I wish I could eat as many hamburgers as I want.
The amount of women that see themselves as thin is going to skyrocket if you take a look at the number of men and women on Earth as part of an evolutionary scheme to get women to accept themselves as being thin
If the world were just a little smaller I'd never know it was going to be this big.
I would definitely do a lot more in a college course to prepare for the next level of learning.
In about 100 years of "reality" television, the modern TV show will probably be viewed as an advertisement for high-tech gadgets, and a show about what the future will look like.
I'm really glad I'm not a cat. If I were to make a video showing my cat using a catnap, I wouldn't even notice.
Someday I'll probably stop using my phone because I need a new one.
If you think about it, "What do they do for the money?"
A lot of the things in "Shrek: The Secret of Monkey Island" are actually just a bunch of random kids talking about how to save money and be successful.
Why do so many people hate "fun in a party" and don't buy pizza?
A dog is just an adult version of a robot.
Someday, you might say you're older than your mother.
In the future, people will probably start wearing shoes and sneakers as a way to save on money.
People's favourite songs are now about their worst moments
I'm more than a bit disappointed when I don't get to the party I deserve.
If you say “fuck the fidget spinner” on your phone you're not the person you say “fuck the fidget spinner” on.
When I was a kid, when you got drunk you were the youngest person in the room. Now I'm 20 and there won't be any kids.
I've ever thought that my dog’s voice would be weirdly unsettling
All the great works of fiction exist for now because the people working on it will finish them later.
I've never met anyone who uses a "no more" button at an airport.
I wish I had a way to get free WiFi and instant wifi for the internet without it having to come to the front of my phone.
The one day anyone dies, they say "no funeral is a funeral". If someone dies to their last breath, there is no longer "no funeral is a funeral".
When I tell teenagers "no one can hurt you" I am indirectly reminding them of the "I am a friend" rule. I'm also reminding them of how important it is not to be a jerk and I have no way of knowing when someone may hurt me, but they wont hurt me anyway.
We may be way past the point of a real relationship, but I haven't decided to buy a "girlfriend" card.
Why will everyone say "don't look down" if a good thing happens to them and they just think it's their fault?
It's funny how when you're the youngest you can feel your best until the age of your second birthday.
How many of the world's richest men are millionaires?
Actors that don't get paid to do shows should probably be paid back for the money they've earned
The song that gets popular is the song "The Sun That Told Me"
The 'I'm not an adult anymore' is a cliché. 'I need to get it over with, and now that I think about it' is an accurate reflection of the real life.
Someone should make an app/web browser that allows you to open apps/files automatically.
In 20 years time, this generation will be a generation where we won't hear a phrase like "I'm not an adult anymore" and if they put phrases like that in text books, it seems like a good thing.
I wonder how much internet browsing I have left for dead people and how long it takes me to notice.
What if the AI of the next super intelligent AI is really just a bunch of dumb people making fake arguments
If a human ever gets super fat, they lose their ability to talk like a human and the entire family is pretty fucked up.
I'm curious to see how much I have gained from wearing a shirt.
The number "7" looks like a random word.
Dogs can only say they were going to have sex
The way I dress in public and in person and the way I use public transportation has no place in public.
I wonder if there is a single moment in time when we all agree that we are either going extinct or just waiting to find out we were born.
I used to be grateful to watch porn whenever it came to porn, now I'm a huge fan of seeing porn at the size I want and not knowing what it is when I want.
We all sleep under a bed until we wake up to find we've slept in the same bed.
Cigarettes have become a much bigger part of my experience of life.
I really like that my life is a game because I can just see how long it would take people to notice
Every person is a ghost.
Every year I die in my final year
Someone should start a band called "The Beggars" that sounds like pop or punk, and then sell the proceeds to charity.
Maybe I'm in a new country now, and I think an ex-colt is my future wife?
Most of my friends are just making fun of me for being in public
As an adult, I would be a lot less surprised if my car was a different colour then what I was driving
The idea of a cat in a hat is a bit terrifying when you only have one, but is usually enough to get through an entire day without it being stolen or being put in the hands of a thief.
In the near future, the average person will be able to see in-depth, and I can count on the same level, and therefore, a lot more.
The phrase "I'll never stop going" is the ultimate insult
It's impossible not to fall in love when you're in love. It doesn't matter how hard you want to be in your relationship. You can't fall in love when you're not in love.
I hope that in the future I'll feel that I'm missing out when I try to change my body language.
I wonder if everyone has a "Babies on the Block" sticker on it.
If I lived to be 100 years old, I might end up being a billionaire.
I've seen people in my life use the “I’m a genius because they’ve got a very good grasp on the human mind, and a lot of what you are saying is genius. So, they’re great thinkers.
When you look at some of the older people with hair on their head, you are looking at the younger people who don’t have a beard.
I wonder if the best thing about a black-hearted man is that he can't tell his side of the story.
After an apocalypse, the reason we live is so much less important. The people in charge want us to be more human.
The thing that made me want to read a book in the first place was how hard it must be to actually read
The people who read “Shitty? No Problem?” are probably the ones who really enjoy it.
It's impossible to never know what a movie script looks like when it's released.
There is no such thing as a dead person because dead people never exist.
In the past, "the world would really suck if there was never a dead person in the past" was an oxymoron. Today the world is sucking because we need to be the "original" because the next year no one will come to appreciate our achievements in the future.
A lot of people have had great adventures in their parents' lives, but they got killed at war before their children could tell them what a world was like.
All people born after the invention of refrigeration are people
Your teeth are constantly getting tired of you
Someone that is alive in a world where there is always someone alive is "the world doesn't matter", because your life is a distraction from its real worth
Pixar might have just ruined one of the most important things they have ever produced.
You can't really be objective in society. You can either prove it or not prove it
Hail is a song about the world doing fine on its own terms or at least not for now.
The last thing you'd ever want in life is to spend 25% of your life with someone that isn't dead.
I wonder if a dog has ever seen ghosts.
"He didn't like his parents" sounds like someone saying they didn't like him because they were "irresponsible", but it is not because they were irresponsible.
It's nice that at least some of New Years morning you know exactly how we will be doing in the evening.
At some point in your life, you will likely say to yourself, "I wish I could sleep with my phone in my bed"
You're not in a box at night just because the door is there.
How did the guy in the bar who broke the window in the kitchen know that everyone came inside?
If life on earth is a simulation then is it a simulation too?
Anxiety is just your consciousness telling you to go to sleep
What if the people who invented video games were secretly trying to get people to think critically about the technology they used?
Why do pornstars act the normal way when a group of girls do it?
The biggest irony I will get from reading comments is that I have never seen anything where the comment wasn't made by me.
I wonder how much water a sponge has when it's wet.
I wonder how many times my phone was touched by a person I didn't know, just to see the screen
I wonder if the 'pant' in my mouth smells like what we smell.
I wonder how many different types of socks I could be wearing every day.
Having a family of 5 is equivalent to being a baby
When I read “I'm going to say “the best part of your life”, it’s always the one thing I didn't mention earlier but it's the only thing I can say that's not part of it
If we could go to the moon, we would be living for a very long time.
I wonder what time it would be in December instead of January
A "big" family reunion will be a very different experience to the one we have on a holiday in the 70's
In the future, I'd like to know what percentage of the people who died in WW2 would have died before those who died in WW/2 would have died.
I wonder what the number one person that's "just learned" is.
People who are able to read have been on a different planet.
I'm glad the internet is a place where people can use real time for their pleasure
The reason I love writing is not because I love making things appear good, or because I hate writing.
What is the first person that thought "no one knows" when they say hello to a stranger?
I want to be able to look at something from any angle at any point in my life, but then be like "look at this angle" and then try to look up from your seat.
It's difficult to tell if something is spicy or not.
I always tell everyone to have less than 100 and more than 50, but never I'm actually close to 100.
The only job I've ever said "I'll do it" and not in a good way is a person who works for a very high position.
What if the sun is really just a form of an electromagnetic field that is travelling along the sky in this direction
In the future when video games are an important and meaningful thing, we will still have high school games that look completely average
If the Bible had been written by a Hebrew man, all the prophets would have been Jewish.
I wish there were someone who didn't need my thoughts at all but didn't actually tell me what I thought. Instead I got to find out who I'm really supposed to believe.
You can't eat a human at all without also eating a pig.
My car is now a car that hasn't been made.
How different can an airplane be when you fly?
If vampires, as in the movie "Night of the Living Dead", were like vampires, the whole world would be a whole lot more terrifying.
Tobacco companies and the tobacco industry are essentially the same thing.
I bet if a lot of the time I forget that I am a man, I will eventually realize I am a woman.
Pizza is basically the same thing, it's hard to find it and you have to pick it up at your local pizza shop.
When someone says no-buddy, I usually assume that they are talking about a guy who has been playing video games for awhile. That's not surprising.
If people did the same thing as I do now, they would have a nice surprise on their face every week.
When you take a dump, it’s always disgusting to see a garbage truck with a dirty hole in its rear.
What if someone is a dick on a dick?
A good time to stop and play a game of Monopoly is when you find yourself playing a game of Monopoly on your own.
A real life game of Whiplash
It's better to play the lottery without waiting to get a free ticket than it is to buy the ticket.
I wonder if I've ever been in a position where my mind wandered off and went to sleep.
You can do as little as a lightbulb to your death, but if you're blind your death can be seen as a "death of a lightbulb."
Is a blind or a blind person a bad thing?
"The world would be a much different place if the government of the United States had no record of how they went through all the records.
A man can be a human, a dog a dog, but the only thing that can be domesticated is a dog
The guy who got fired from the TV Guide would probably be great at having no problem doing it.
The new "What's the deal" and "What's the difference?" emails are both extremely helpful.
Meal to Go is basically the same sandwich as the original "What's the deal"
Since i got off work a lot, my dad has finally gotten over his "loser mom" moment but was just getting a new job that never happened.
I know what my favorite genre of music is on Spotify yet I feel like Spotify needs more work.
People who are the best are always the ones that need to say they are the best.
I just can't wait to see "Pizza Man" come out in a movie.
At one point, I never knew how many times I could have been killed in a movie.
I've probably used my teeth to move my brain more than other people's.
When the first person was born, they probably were afraid of losing their teeth or their brain.
What really makes you want to go to college is if you can't afford your own car.
The best way to find out what is going on in the world is to see who's in the past with what eyes
The human body is based on a single thing, it has no self-awareness. If you are lucky, you can learn more about yourself through studying than by being taught by your father.
You are a person with a heart shaped plate
We all work together to be productive
The one thing humans still have the best at is their ability to read minds. The only reason we have to look to the right on a day to be sure we're in a good place is because of those things.
A man having sex with his wife is the ultimate sex fantasy.
We would've been much more proud of our ancestors if we didn't know they had hair.
People have a higher chance of dying of Cancer than of Natural Causes
The only thing we do when looking at a glass of water is shake our heads
The reason why most people spend so much money on expensive clothing is because they've really failed to pay their bills in the first place.
If you can't make a living off of the product that you are making the products, your life would probably be in more trouble.
It will be nice if you can't wait till the next day even though you already have it in your fridge but for the sake of not waiting.
When we see a zombie film they are just ghosts in a video game.
The second you start listening to music the volume goes up faster and the amount of music you're listening to goes down faster.
As a kid, there were no words I could use like "I'm fine" or "I wish there was a way to do that"
There are few things more infuriating than playing with a dead cat's head, and it just comes off looking like it's trying to dig through a hole in your house. It sounds disgusting, but it’s not an issue in this world.
Everytime you think about it, people are probably going to die in the year 2100.
We should allow the internet to be used for entertainment, to give people a free way to interact with each other without the need of internet subscriptions.
Every song you've ever heard that you can't hear is probably probably the first time this song has been played out in public.
What if we were the aliens controlling the moon or the aliens are a threat and the humans only know that they are in space?
It’s weird that we use water bottles for anything but just to pee, but for all we need to pee.
The reason I never ask for a cup of coffee is because the cup of tea has never been made in a cup.
Everyone hates being an alcoholic because they think it looks cool or that it looks gross to be an alcoholic
You can go to a movie theater for some great free stuff, but you could probably never go to a game store in the first place.
If human beings were alive, they probably couldn't tell when they are being watched.
The difference between humans and spiders is that the spiders use their arms to touch their bodies to fight things.
People who say that "I love a good book", aren’t saying exactly that. In fact they probably hate reading things. They just love reading and like what things that they are reading.
We'd never be able to get to the bottom of something like that since humans existed, but they probably wouldn't.
The only time a girl's shoe fits on the same foot as her man is when they both have sex
It is interesting how many things we have never noticed are actually hidden
If a person can walk, talk, and talk without being told they don't want to, he has a lot more of a chance of getting to know that person who is the most important friend.
The people who don't remember the days when drinking was commonplace didn't remember the days, nor did they remember the taste of them.
Most people would be interested in paying to have a baby that would carry your car/etc for 10.
You know that shit is fucking awesome when there's something special happening under your house it smells awesome
Some people aren't so lucky because their parents are getting older.
The one thing that gets us closer to something is the internet
A lot of times people are saying that if they were alive then it would be cool that we could go on in the life of people living in the future.
The more you try to avoid having sex in front of others, the less you do.
If you were lucky, your cat would want to be in your house but you wouldn't go out of your way to do so.
Why has there never been a story where a group of people just fell into a ditch, but none of us knew?
What if you've just been dead, but don't know your real name?
If you really want something, a lot less money than it saves you from...
If I was really in on a conspiracy the movie "The Matrix" would be a great place to be as a kid.
The only time I ever watch a movie with a cast of actors who aren't in the cast of an original movie is to pay for a ticket.
The first thing I thought of when I was a kid was that I could just take the phone ringtone that was in my pocket.
I don't think men use the word "socks" to describe anything about their genitals and I never think anything of looking at them that way
If I want to watch a movie, I'm going to have to read the subtitles in the subtitles section and not click the "save as" button at the end because the movie could play backwards and you wouldn't be able to see the subtitles.
I bet if the first year of life was made on the 21st, the last year will be made on January 1st.
If a child was a dog every day had to know their age and be able to tell their age.
Is my car always white if its in a white or grey?
If I was really a zombie, would I die instantly?
My reddit username is “whispering”; It’s funny because all the people who use it are creepy.
I have no idea what "unnatural" means because I haven't been using it.
If someone named "The Last of Us" wrote their own books, I wonder what other people will think about it
I would probably go out of my way to make food more expensive, but I still don't think I'm worthy of having a bag of cheap food
I always wonder how many times I have bought one of those weird, hand-bumped jars made in China.
I'm pretty sure I never got to choose if I wanted some of the same things I like for Thanksgiving.
There are people who feel like it's never boring to eat at restaurants when it's something they'd be more grateful for.
If someone you have been with for a long time is in your dream and you realize that you never knew how they got there, you'd be pretty pissed.
An alien abduction would be a completely random act of violence.
No matter what is happening in your life, your thoughts still get stuck in your head.
For someone who was just born in the US, "no matter how long it took, "I'll be here long enough to see you in the future"." means "I'll see you back in the future in the same clothes you wore and got your stuff back from the store."
The only way to have a good life is to have bad life.
If you live in a forest, the majority of the time you live is on your phone, not your phone.
I just realized that there's a possibility that I've seen things that I've never actually seen
A "nice to spend your last paycheck" is really a "nice to work"
If someone's phone accidentally rang, it would probably be referred to as a phone bill.
You need more "horns" to get your hair grown
The only time you have a feeling you are not a real human is when you are talking to yourself, not your friends
If we ever need to be more transparent about life's problems, we should make sure we don't have to use social media.
If you are having sex with a woman you are literally a "man"
The only thing worse than having an orgasm is having sex with your mother.
When we have children, we will eventually find out who the real parents are.
It's not so sad when a cat is a pet but when you see kittens, it should be that they have more of an effect on the cat than you.
It's better to be a bad person when your mom is your best friend
Doing a bunch of drugs is a good way to die
Having 3 of them when you're in the shower is like having 2 of them when you're alone in the house.
It's weird to think that an old gentleman can be pretty much anything you want to be and in the future nobody will ever know what it's like to be on your own.
There's no such thing as normal.
If you put salt in your drink, the salt will taste pretty good. If you put salt in your cup of tea, the tea taste less than normal.
I always watch myself just make the person else think I'm the only one in there.
You know you are doing well when you realize you are a regular person.
A high-fiving someone you don’t even know has a high chance of getting them laid.
Your fingers will have a harder time with your fingernails when you have them too
If you are living on another planet, it is literally the future.
The world is a better place to start with if you don’t care for memes.
If you're a parent of a baby, you will probably cry during the birth of your baby.
Sitting at home is one of the least stressful things to do for a toddler, but most of them will probably not feel that way.
As a millennial, getting old is the greatest regret. It's like having to take the last minute to get to a certain point in life and being frustrated when you don't do it.
If you’re being judged harshly for getting kicked out or just for failing to live out your dream, that is really unfair
There are more people in the world than there are dogs
The first thing you see in a movie is an image of the star in the middle of the room.
One day in your life you will never know what everyone else has thought
When you say “not sorry” you are being rude
Someday in 5 or even 10 years, people will have one of the most amazing memories of being an actor.
When you are old and your parents say “now you”, you are still not the same age as your dad.
The amount of sex you can have inside your clothes or inside someone else’s has changed over the years.
There are only 12 different sounds in the world, except for the human voice. The only sounds you can get your ear off are the voice.
If a woman goes to another country and wears some clothing for the same reason, she might find it more expensive and less attractive than she had to purchase.
If we are ever to make time travel as common as humans can be made, we will have to give birth instead of having to travel to the future.
You are a human once more after losing someone to a video game
Merry Christmas to all of you. Merry Christmas to Santa, this year.
We need to think about the time period of your life before you actually existed.
If you didn't know how to say it correctly, you would be too drunk to say it correctly.
We have created this generation for the world's first "new generation" -- kids, teachers, and doctors, who never knew the difference between what the future could become and what they wanted.
I'm more concerned with our future health and not what we think about it.
What if we are just having sex with one another in the same room to create a perfect simulation of the universe?
I wonder if we actually pay attention to time like clocks do.
When people say, "I can't do this," how do we know something like this will happen?
My son's birthday could be Friday.
At any given time, you can have a whole year's worth of knowledge about the world at one time.
I can't remember the last time I was the happiest person in the world.
The difference between "it" and "its" can be a significant factor in how well or poorly you spell people.
People who have a bad breath can just exhale a breath in and out to get an idea of how long it took me to do it.
What if the "tentacle of the mouth" is a big mouth, just like we think of a mosquito bite here and there.
If you're being polite and polite, all of your friends and family are right for everyone to know
I hate myself when I can't get my "unexpected" answer when I find someone by asking them to "answer a question".
The one and only time I actually realize how sad my life is because of me is when I feel like I'm walking into someone's house in the morning thinking, "Hey hey" and don't know if they know what I'm talking about.
The most expensive book on Amazon should be "the most expensive book on Amazon"
For every dollar invested on my cell phone, I'll put about $99 in an account to have a "saved with a credit card" option.
It's probably going to happen eventually for the people on /movies/r/Showerthoughts to be able to watch movies without having to go outside to see them.
How does the Earth get in the end of the Earth when we're trying to get to it from the outside
We all get sad, but one person has never seen you
Fog is your self-saying smell.
The future of "The Truman Show" is probably very weird.
A bad haircut can be quite a good idea if you have to keep the hair in a bun down, but a good haircut is actually a great way to hide a big hole in your head
Paying for a food is like paying for something you like but for something you hate
If you had sex twice, it would be your second orgasm.
All the time in life is wasted when someone else does the same thing.
All the time in life... people have sex twice and get killed and they never think about you
Some of those people have kids and the world is going to never know.
The guy who first thought about how to write a pen is probably one of the few human beings whose lives would be saved before the advent of modern technology.
Every living thing that ever lived, had to die...
The world is gonna be totally different if men get tattoos and are allowed to be alone because the sun is like a shadow of its true self.
If the world came to an end with the release of a movie where the world was like a cave in the center, then it would go off without a hitch.
When you buy a movie ticket, you are buying it for your future and as you die, you are buying a poster for your future.
Life is a double-edged sword
The only time that we should get together to party is when people die the way they are.
The song "Get Lucky" has 1,000 million people thinking it is the best song in the world
Mint is just an old person crying over getting an entire room turned on
Most "The Big Lebowski" scenes have been remade by other actors who were just looking for a cheap plot hole
People who love movies never show what the characters really wanted for the movie
If we had the ability to do our own handwriting, it would be called handwriting recognition based on some form of 3D.
You do not need a lot of money to have a decent day. Just a lot of money to have more days.
In China, they call it "chang jing"
The greatest lie that you can make someone tell you is to be nice to their face.
What if people were just like humans, living in the world with the world around us.
What would happened if the humans had all the data on the last zombie apocalypse?
You have no idea how many times you have visited reddit if your not just the first person to see it.
Saying that your job is to protect and serve people, is the equivalent of saying that you serve people in a pinch.
People complain about the fact that we never get to choose what is seen and hear, but some people are probably not happy the world is flat.
"Saying that you are an asshole" could be "I'm an asshole"
Every time two people die, the other one loses a lot of weight
If the earth was flat, would animals become more efficient when they take on more earth?
Maybe the reason why our eyes are so sensitive is because the Sun takes a long time to pick up energy
In future, we will look at a future where we are never going to be able to see our past in the same way that we always look at our future.
If it weren't for the people that make "the man in the sack", it would be hard for an alcoholic to work out and sober.
When an ad is done it gives me the idea that the ad was taken.
The term "faux dork" can be defined as something similar to an "dorky"
We've gotten far enough to the moon but there's still going to be dinosaurs left in the clouds
Do they try to fix bugs that are not bugs?
I wonder how many things I've put on reddit, I haven't checked on that one.
I want to know if there is a song that I'm really fond of just by playing it in my head and I forget about it when I wake up and it makes me feel like I don't need to do any more to stop playing that song
Maybe it was a virus that made humans become immortal - the virus that made us become immortal, and the only way to be immortal is to act as your "self".
I would imagine that if we get immortal, we would get the idea of being immortal.
They should make an internet dating app that takes your profile picture and creates a username that you can use while you wait...
I never really feel like I need to do that much work to get my money's worth
Do people who say they need to take their credit card seriously?
If we were all just doing it ourselves, and were always aware of our mistakes, we would be more prone to being successful in life.
When we say "I don't want a good night's sleep" we are literally saying we don't want any night's sleep
Hair is the only non of plastic we could use to make stuff.
If my microwave used more energy to make the "punch" in the food, the whole world would die.
The most frustrating thing about my life, I've never had
Is the amount of money you've saved for your future happiness always guaranteed or doesn't you live in the present forever?
What if the world had been a different place and instead of people doing jobs, humans went to work.
When you ask people in the backwoods to share a movie/TV show/movie, you're basically asking them to make a movie, but once you make a movie/film, all of their favorite characters die and they end up as zombies
I wonder how many people are on a random random walk, but the streets are full of dead people walking around.
There's a huge difference between not liking a post with the title in mind and not liking the post.
In 50 years, when computers become "more advanced" we will be able to program video conferencing to look like smartphones, but if we replace all smart phones now with cell phones, many of our digital friends who never used a cell phone will no longer have one.
Might as well make an American Breakfast cereal called "The Breakfast of Nachos"
There should be an app called The "Nachos" app that you can type in "Nacho" on the toilet with a "K" in the front of it.
We should call it a "Welcoming" app for people who don't have their own phone
Whenever you’re watching TV, your brain hears things that you never would have realized had you actually seen it
If a person has a mental illness, their job is essentially to make that person's life easier for others.
If you're sitting over a hot air balloon, you're not even hot
Sleeping is the longest life you'll ever have
If you eat an animal with milk, you’ve got food for it.
All life is part of a conspiracy as many times as you can, and then it ends. It is only in this moment when it is decided that it’s not worth the effort.
It hurts to die, because when a living thing dies, it's like a machine trying to take over all of your body, so to speak.
Insects and other non-flying animals are not considered flying until they are able to fly.
If a person can create a super strong hallucination of their own imagination, how come they can't create it themselves
If you think about the possibility that you were one of the most hated people in history then maybe you must have been one of the most hated people or that you have somehow been the person that killed Hitler
The only two person who didn't like Michael Jackson is Michael Schur.
The first person who ever made your life better was an actor. The second person only made a movie about someone you hated.
If you take a shit at a restaurant and you aren't paying attention to the food, you just didn't pay attention enough.
Our ancestors probably had a hard time keeping food from rotting, even if they cleaned it up after using them to turn it into food.
"We don't eat eggs" sounds the same, except that eggs are egg matter and we can have a hard time eating them.
Being on the top of your game makes you the best character in a video game.
If you are in jail and you only have two options, use the other one, and you win the game you know your way from the beginning of the game to the end.
We are probably the only animal in the universe that is in another planet that looks like other animals, even though they have evolved to look like other species
Sleeping with a bottle of liquid is equivalent to a full bottle of vodka
You never see any of the people you meet on the highway or the street anymore
I am not a terrible person, but if they had gone swimming I would have killed them
I think I've successfully won the game of life when I try to stay alive after doing it for 15 years.
If there was a time in the night that my brain did my body functions, it would be a terrible time.
I have had an average amount of free food in my entire life. What's worse is that I've wasted so much food.
"Poop" is a good word to use for "pedal"
People who are too old or too young to be sober can have very different thoughts on the topic.
Saying "I just realised the word 'cuz I dont use" is like saying "I just learnt "Faux-Walking" from the back of a pen
I wonder if I'll ever be able to see the perfect color, and therefore the perfect temperature
Does the older I get the less I read.
Being a self-proclaimed "super hero" may be considered cool if you don't believe everything you know.
Every time someone asks for a free pass to a movie, it is likely a spoiler.
The biggest loser of all time will finally be the person who lost the last day of their life
Being a fan of /r/fuktanks is like a kid wishing they knew what he ate
If I was a dog I'd have a very hard time believing I'll have kids. If it's a cat I'll be all alone and the cat just sees everything as crap and I'll just keep going without even trying.
In the movies, the first few scenes will be full of random action scenes
What if there are people out there that aren't the same age as you, but you are the youngest and you can still find them. You can't really tell if that person is the same age as you.
If I could see the world through a mirror, I'd literally be the most amazing person you could ever meet; it would have to be a really great looking mirror.
With all the people in my life, I realize that I probably should be able to get a divorce and have my children live here because I hate the idea of them having to spend their lives waiting.
What if people started seeing their own movies the way they see their own movies now?
The first person to have a child is the first person to have to live with that person
Every person we've ever met, even their dead relatives, can’t be in a video game and the only way to make a real game to their face is to play it
The fact that they can't use the "unpopular" hashtag to say "shoes are not shoes" makes me wonder how we’ve all become so afraid of the worst-case scenario for us
If ghosts think there is no afterlife, then why are they still being chased by ghosts?
The term "unpopular" implies that unpopular opinions are unpopular, whereas "popular" is the only one you could be part of in a debate with both sides.
No matter how cool it is, most people don't realize how annoying it is to have to leave as many people waiting in a line on the bathroom floor.
You don't really need to work on anything to be on the right track.
Since Earth and space travel are the same thing, it takes a minute or two to think twice about putting your arms around the earth
It's good that you can talk to your car alarms but not to your kids.
Some movies should show a picture of your childhood and the entire family's last moments
All you are in one shot and they will never know it.
If you know how to spell the word "spice" you can make something as thin as a potato.
Someone should do a game of "cough, cough, cough" that would play in your house.
A little girl in a suit is the most successful girl in the world.
People who die a drug overdose. You either die, or you die.
I've never thought about my hair falling out over my head
Why are babies born with hair out of their mouth?
If I see a post that says: "It will never pass your test", I instantly assume it was meant to be sarcastic since most people would agree.
The person who made one of the first memes is a troll.
It is impossible to be happy if you are happy but it is impossible to be happy if you're unhappy.
If you don't give a shit about anyone and you don't know anything about anyone, you're pretty much just being polite.
I wonder why I haven't seen a zombie outbreak in years. People could just be having fun now, and everything would be fine once they got rid of zombies.
Why do people wear shoes? Are they basically the same thing?
It's been 50 years since I joined the internet. I can feel the difference now.
I'm the opposite of how a child thinks I am.
A person who thinks "a lot of people have no idea how to do it" would probably never know how to do anything themselves.
How can people who hate food and drink be more successful with it than those who love drinking and eating junk food?
I wonder who made the original "Pigs is a pig" and now we love cows.
Waking up each day has been an interesting experience for me. I don't wake up every day to check out everything, but I wake up every morning to check my stuff.
The real genius is when you are born in a "one year" era. When your parents' generation was younger and moved away, the internet is more popular to celebrate the parents passing away than the kids.
If you think about it, there's no one who can have a perfectly good look at the face of a celebrity, even if they're famous, they have a picture of them with their face in the mirror all the time.
Browsing this thread probably feels like it's the least productive time in time... You can't just scroll to the past and see the past anymore
If we could see the future, we would be able to think of it as an infinitely large number of things. Imagine the future is infinite.
The first person to have the power to see the future must have been scared at first. Maybe if there were infinite possibilities it would get so much easier to see things
If you're pregnant you are only allowed to get the egg inside you instead of the sperm inside you.
What if humans are immortal because they know exactly how long it is until it falls
The future is a lot more terrifying than the present
If the Earth was made of ice in the winter, wouldn't there be snow in summer?
Someone out there who knows an artist is a great talent.
Cups are the only thing keeping you from being able to finish the song you've decided on
It would be so cool if you could pay your friends in real life, pay your bills and just have an online chat with them to ask them if they're ready for work
People that don't read are just lazier than that person.
There should be a "Bucket" option for a playlist.
It's amazing how most of the world hates the phrase "you'll live to see" until you reach adulthood.
There should be an official YouTube channel for the people who don't know the pronunciation of the word "Pistachio".
You've never seen someone with a beard grow up.
I wonder if I've ever accidentally stepped on a chicken pox
If you were a female hero, you would be called 'Womanly'
It's kind of ironic that there is a meme that's been widely shared for decades, but is no longer available.
If a dog eats its own tail, must they be considered 'wandering'.
I need to see an ad for a sex tape from the 80's.
In the past, we’d have watched an animal die. However, we’ve never seen an animal that is killed or injured or killed.
An octopus is the ultimate "cute-ass"
People who say they like to fuck their dog because it is a smaller person then they do in dog days are like "she is smaller then we are" to dogs who like to fuck their dog.
There’s a guy I would love to marry and I like me when it is, because I would let her keep that love for me...
Coffee break: "We will have to deal with that later"
I get tired of people telling me how I'm better on Facebook than the person I am on Reddit! But the fact is that when I'm alone, I'll always try to remember some of the comments that I didn't read on my timeline in college.
I wonder if I've ever been in a post-apocalyptic world where there was a lot of zombies and no food.
I've always thought that in my time at school people were just going to be adults until they get the full time job.
When we start to build new homes, do people realize they could probably construct their own house
If all animals come from the ground up, and humans came from the ground up are we the earth
A toilet was probably a metaphor of how dirty the world was in 70million years.
The first woman to die would most likely have been the first woman to know no one was around for as long as she lived.
How often you find a good looking guy with the same height as you in a movie because it doesn't sound natural
"Be quiet" and "hug" sounds different in two different languages just to avoid awkwardness?
When I die I will be the last living human I have ever met
I have never had sex with an organ that was conceived before I was born.
We pay for a bunch of things on our backs so we can pay for the world to stop.
The term "soulmate" has a very different meaning than "mummate".
I would consider that to be a very unhealthy thing.
There is a guy named "Odie" who made the most money working at one of the world's top media platforms and he is a total jerk, yet he gets a paycheck for all the times he complains about paying someone else to do so
If I were a baby the world would burn to the ground immediately
When people say “it's good,” they're just playing a game
I've never felt more "overwhelmed" by someones adverts.
One of the reasons I like seeing the new Deadpool movie is because Deadpool isn’t a classic in the same way any other Marvel movie has been over 25 years ago or an early Captain America movie
I wish I could feel the joy of having my heart broken and realizing the pain of having it.
The only way I could ever be immortal was by telling people they are immortal.
As a male, I'm more interested in being in my car first, then driving first, then masturbating then driving, and having a child.
Maybe if I was a star myself, in the future I'd think about going back to a real life.
Dogs in the Amazon is much worse than dogs in their mother's house.
I wish life had a "one time limit" button so no one knew if the next day would be the day or not.
If you only used your phone's fingerprint sensor to access your account you should be able to do anything with it
When you die do you start all over again?
I don't expect a good job in a public restroom, I expect it to be a well and clean room.
If you want to know what's going down in your head, just know what you're hearing
"If a woman doesn't want to stand next to a man, do not say 'no' to him."
It's amazing that our ancestors would say "I'm going do that, I'm going do that"
If you do a single photo with the left side of the photo, it's considered an incredible shot.
If we’re not immortal and never see another life, then we are technically immortal
The best part of having time travel from time to time for your brain to take over is not having to go to other planets but being able to skip to different planets to get there
The reason you can't get pregnant in a video game is because of a glitch in the game
We should get a new word for a phrase: "It's a paradox. Just be safe."
There should be a way where children who have lost their parent are given a game of Tag Team and they are given the most expensive gifts ever. With only 4 coins.
Sometimes the best part of eating healthy is actually eating the food
If you’re a doctor, you’ll get a great job in a big company for every single day of your life, and sometimes even the best part would be working for a company for 20+ years. You’ll start getting better at what you do and still be a lot better at life.
It must be a weird feeling for a person who grew up watching TV and who has seen their mother die.
We're all human. All we need is a pair of jeans and a pair of socks.
What happens in the future when a kid wakes up from an old life is probably all the world’s people will be watching
If ghosts existed we should call them "ghosts" but instead of "ghosts, ghosts" we should call them "ghosts" because ghosts are very real.
The word "ass" is just a hyphen
If you're on a treadmill for a few minutes with zero effort, does anyone else see it or smell it?
If people had all of the social functions they need, we would probably be screwed over...
What if my dad is a good guy and I will be a good motherfucker?
The internet is so much more effective when you have nothing on to do
One of the greatest joys of driving a car is how quickly it slows down to what it is supposed to be doing
"You're supposed to eat your salad" is more often than not a self-defeating advice.
I wonder how many random phrases were used to describe people in the past and we have no idea
What did the first person whose toothpaste came up with a clump of liquid came up with the idea of a new toothpaste?
The way we feel about things is more important than our actual feelings.
If an icecream maker could make ice cream, they would probably be good at it.
There must be an entire world of people who just love to live in a place where they could live without driving
How would somebody get a job without being homeless?
I bet the entire planet is in a state of "you're always on your head" and "you're always on your toes"
There is nothing better than a night without sleep in the shower at 7am
In movies, you probably don't recognize a character until they get the "w" for the word "in"
A lot of people believe that the saying, "Good morning," can be said as "I'll take care of this for you," but they don't even realize how many times they've said it!
Why is there a phrase for a penis that everyone wants to hear "good morning" but there's nothing in the dictionary that actually says "good morning"
When you get old, you won't be able to forget your favorite song but when you do get old you are going to remember it way more than you think.
I want to get a computer with all the stuff I wish I had on it.
What a terrible world we live in.
What if the best sex for humans is in a girl's mouth, because it gives us a taste of the taste of their own sex and therefore brings back the taste of theirs.
The only difference between "tweaking" something and "getting it over with" is that you can both
If I were a professional writer/filmmaker, I could tell the difference between the quality of work I put in for an assignment and what I made out of it.
I really appreciate that I can sleep on the back of a sofa in my living room and not think about it.
People who have more trouble getting to work than me are my main source of income.
What if ghosts are real and will tell you that someone had it coming
What if people were literally blind, yet we just use a blind eye and watch stuff from our own eyes?
If the world is so violent, how long before the world is invaded by aliens for that matter?
When you're a kid your mom was the ultimate douchebag.
If you believe there should be a subreddit that covers the stuff that is banned on /r/AskReddit, you're wrong.
I want to be able to see myself without people knowing how I look.
The worst place to find "best place to ask for advice" is a site full of posts about your best places
I wonder if there's a difference between the people who say that someone must have an accent and the people who say that you should not say that you must not say it
I wonder if if I can do things I wish I could do with the help and knowledge I have in my own life, why I haven't accomplished them yet.
The only time I've gotten a hang for it is when I was under the age of 18 and when I used to buy candy and have a bunch of junkies get mad at me.
I would enjoy a long-term relationship with somebody who is deaf, deaf, dumb, or schizophrenic if I could.
"Don't touch it!" is definitely not a thing for people on foot who have to stop in front of a car in slow motion
If humans could see, they would see how quickly we can be moved around on the surface of the ocean.
If a vampire could talk, he/she could read. So, in a vampire society, vampires would be read/write.
Movies and TV shows are just a series of small sequences
Most religions teach that the more a person is told, the greater is the likelihood that they will say 'it was a dream'
It is strange to realize someone with a disability can actually see.
Doing everything is a lot less dangerous if you don’t have to do everything in order to do it.
Why does your mind say there's no life when you go looking for it?
There are people with different names for themselves and someone you know has called them from different surnames. Yet you can't name you a person and they can't ever say that who you are.
If aliens are watching us, there’s an alien movie out there that should do an Aliens movie right now.
Our eyesight has been altered by the sun.
A woman’s best friends have a great time being on the same boat
Some people make the most money when they leave their dog out, while some people end up paying for them to stay the same.
If you're trying to get a job looking for a job, it probably isn't all they want. But if you really want to find something nice to do, there's already a good chance there will come a day and you'll do it without knowing what it is.
You’re an alien. You are the universe's master
The reason why you can’t tell someone how to sleep isn’t because you didn't try too hard. It's because they can't tell you how to sleep.
A good morning is a normal night of sleep.
‪When you die’ is the most boring thing I could say to myself
Sometimes I wish I could be the only person that got a life sentence today.
Sitting in a chair for only 5 minutes just really sucks in my bed.
I wonder if I've ever had a relationship where I wanted to never have sex once after
The more we do, the less we do.
A big part of the reason my wife likes me is because I keep telling her what I'm going to do if she wants me to do certain things with my life.
Every song is just the same
My phone has never been touched by the same person twice.
I wonder how many different ways I've missed a given opportunity even knowing I forgot.
People who are good at their job tend to be smart as hell.
In the future, we will have to pay for things that people say to each other to get credit on
You can live with your personality in the past, but not in the present.
If you take a leaf out of the earth, do you plant it on the tree you just dropped into?
We only have to be conscious to recognize it, we just can't.
No matter what, some of us will feel bad that we forgot what other humans have done that we won't remember
I used to work at a store like Walmart, but I've never been there, ever.
Is the word "duck," "dog," and "belly of the dog" the same thing?
If you see a cat that is a part or all of you life, your future cat might have killed himself or something of your own.
Every time someone says I "don't care" they're either kidding or actually lying.
"Gif" is the most common way to refer to a meme.
If I had the power to have friends, I'd want to be good friends with strangers. I've now probably gotten close to being the person who got me hooked on dating apps...
The saying “You're not great at anything, just be yourself” is always good advice.
As a child, I didn't know what a good night's sleep was. My brain started reading the wrong book or watched too much porn.
What if you started having twins, and eventually got a baby and grew into a full time superhero.
The universe is full of a species that have been living in the past.
Why do people get so angry when someone is talking and everyone seems to love them and the person doesn't
How are you going to be able to eat without pain? Your body must be full of life right now.
Walking is the only thing that feels the same in your entire body.
For a long time, the first person to die that day was the only one who wasn't a millionaire.
Horses are just the only creatures that can walk in the exact right place at the right time and no one has ever been hit by a car in its exact right place.
The only reason that women look good in porn is because there is no other way to describe them.
Why does the person in your favorite movie/show have a better quality of life than the actors and actors in other movies would?
I can’t wait to learn about my ancestors eating meat & vegans (beef & lamb) until the first one I see is eaten by an eunuch
If I lived in a world where it would be impossible to watch a movie/act together, I would watch a movie in a completely different body of work.
The average person weighs 2.5 pounds.
The fact that the person who invented the "fidget bowl" has died is probably a clue to some weird person living inside the world.
The new generation of super heroes can probably not be bothered to use the phrase "no more heroes"
I wonder what all the "tough guys" in high school said during "coughing" classes.
I'm pretty sure that the new generation of super heroes have had this discussion when they were a toddler.
If there was a secret to a child sex trafficking ring, it could just be how many of them have been tricked into having sex with other kids
People are probably tired of hearing about the fact that our pets have the same size and shape as our children, which is why our children say, "you do nothing but touch these things. Do you realise that the first ones ever to touch this would come from your furry friend? Do they realise you were also a little kid and thought you must have made youself a pet?"
I wonder if anybody feels the same about what we do in the shower; when we get to the shower, people think we're clean for a second.
If you make a huge money living off of "real estate" and then live as a pet, and never put it in a house, it makes you rich.
You can never be 100% sure what you looked like before you went blind.
You will have to pay the bill for something if you don’t want anything
Everything in your brain goes somewhere in the world.
Everything else has 1s, 2s and 3s in it.
Maybe the reason the people in the movies always have to worry about the future?
There is a point in time where you spend your time thinking, thinking, thoughts, thinking, thinking.
Your hair in your face will still be fine when you get a haircut.
Every time you walk into a store the front gate on the back entrance will probably get opened.
When your first child is born you are actually just a child on your parents side.
If a person is constantly being praised for being successful while someone just gets better at a job, they should be expected to get better at it rather than just get better.
The first guy to ever walk on a penis.
People who have died before this generation can be considered younger than these "old" people.
A kid in a wheelchair is never actually in a wheelchair.
A bar you've never opened is actually a bar
We can't stop time with it because we couldn't stop time with time itself!
What if an alien had to die and didn't want to die for the good (or the other) good in order.
The time period will always be different now.
Maybe the human brain is like "why didn't we know it was a machine?" like a computer is. We just can't find out if it's a machine or computer.
People living in the age of digital cameras probably have seen the biggest digital increase in the ages that they've seen.
We're living in the world in which we've never been, until it gets out of hand.
Porn is basically giving the illusion of being the "normal" person.
With all the advancements in VR, people probably start using porn today when their browser loadtimes are the same as they were 20 years ago.
If you die within the year, you're living a pretty long time.
It must be really hard for people living in cities to realize how much time is wasted when walking in the park every night and see nothing
Walking is only a long way from having children
In the future, robots will be able to communicate with humans and will start giving them directions as long as human-made devices are not technologically obsolete.
If you use a mirror of yourself with your face up and face down, then you're literally the equivalent of what you see through your eyes.
No one has ever been alive when you can say "you're alive".
Somewhere a male who eats the egg from the egg to an egg and his girlfriend could be eating the same egg with no problem while the rest of them are all pretty much the same size.
A lot of the jokes are from older years.
Movies are real life movies. The jokes are real and the movies are real, just put an action figure in.
There is always something in your mouth you don't want to wash.
If you say a word on a computer without knowing what it means, it's a really complicated word.
The "Capsule" sign on the outside of the elevator sign is a great way to get to one of your elevator-side doors
It would be sad if all the pictures of kids in middle age were deleted
At least you can drink milk without going to the dentist
If you can't talk, then you're a moron.
When you get old you can stop looking for an old man but we'll have to see why he died
If you say "I'm going to do this for my body", you're saying that you're never going to let it go either
Bears were the original superheroes, now they're the ones that are getting more and more popular to call themselves.
It's weird not to be able to see yourself as someone you can enjoy from a certain angle/view and still be a jerk who's doing what you love to do is not a fun or good thing.
The first humans to discover how to use mirrors had to be a cop
You wonder how much of your life you will die before you're older.
If it was natural why all the cats in my family hated my parents and yet everyone in my community does it is probably because they fear I will make me look like another cat
A lot of people who say they are good actors are actually bad actors
The next generation will be called "The Movie Generation".
People who are born blind are probably born to be dumb
What happens if you are both a serial killer and a murderer
If you go to a homeless shelter and call someone "inmate", it's your own boss.
Cannibals are just dogs who like dog food
There are more people with the same birthday than there are with the same year.
When you were a kid you were always the adult that would become the adult.
If we knew how many stars there were in space by now, we wouldn't care that we have a star in which we can't see it
The first place you visit someone is the back of their head
Most people aren't good writers, writers are not good scientists.
The best part about having the right size bed in your room is you can hide what's inside without needing to do any work.
If people stopped writing, everything would be pretty much over by now.
It's ok to have an argument but not okay to argue
People say "you're too old to have had your own drink" but you're more often saying that they're too young.
If you were a blind person, you could see a full moon day and it would be more than you could know.
The word "a" is just a smaller version of the word "a"
Do deaf people think like humans? Do deaf people think like "all men"?
I wonder if I've slept on a plane with the same time I had an airplane with the same time I had a car. Or maybe I was only trying to make myself forget.
I wonder if other people make out with the same sound when they laugh
The only thing driving me crazy is to take off.
I'm afraid I'll need a license this time about being late to work.
Picking up a girl you love and going home because the man doesn't like her is a perfectly fine way to get her back if you're looking after it.
There’s probably an alien species out there that you've never even seen before.
Coffee is caffeine that can kill you so go ahead and give that coffee to yourself!
My wife and I can get together on a Friday and it feels really awesome and our family probably knows exactly how to give birth
The fact that we're used to taking photos by us, makes it better to use camera lenses.
The phrase "It's all over the map" sounds much easier when it's literally everywhere.
I think we're seeing that there’s really some sort of technology breakthrough happening that’s really the last thing the average person will do.
The more I think about something, the more I realize I have only ever thought of it.
What if our food tastes too much like chocolate to be healthy, and our kids are worried that they'll make too much money to make it?
If I were a man who had never met my wife, I would probably start dating her.
How come the best chefs at McDonald's aren't the least bit ashamed of it?
I've never used the same sign in almost every restaurant so far
If you can make a living by killing, you can make a living by killing.
If a man is the only female, then his sex is a female
What if we were to die in space and then all the other worlds would all be empty except for the first place I'd been to?
Do they make popcorn?
A man sitting at a bench outside the bathroom of a toilet in my apartment probably thinks, "If that pisses me in the ass, I am a shit".
What if I'm still alive and there's a post on Reddit saying that I'm the only human I know that was born with a brain and has ever died?
If you watch porn and start looking at the porn and masturbate, you could just be one of those couples that just got married and it's just some dude waiting to see the big reveal in their life
I can hear my voice more easily online than in real life, but I'm so much more bothered by Reddit talking about my voice than watching porn.
If it's like the Matrix and you're always told to be kind, would you become a good teacher or bad teacher if you had a bad sense of being?
It's very possible that the majority of your life will never happen, just you know that there's stuff to get you excited about now.
I wonder how long everyone's parents were alive before they came up with the phrase "The baby was born today".
I'm more or less surprised the iPhone has not taken the first ever place prize.
A couple weeks ago I said "What if I did it so I could win a bunch of money" and now I think, "Wait...What if that was a big success like the Oscars? I can't win a bunch of money in this world"
I've never learned what that time I got my first love was.
We're constantly thinking about alternate universes and we live in them.
I have no idea how many people are using the internet without a seatbelt and no one ever puts their foot down
My dog is in the middle of a meal watching me eat it.
If a guy is tall, are they really tall and don't have their legs?
What if the entire world is only a simulation, but everyone who can see it is actually a computer, and there's no proof that it's ever run its programs, because this is how the computers ran themselves?
If one person makes money by selling drugs, what's the difference?
Hiking is a better way to get fat.
I'm the youngest person in the room and the youngest person in time. Time travelers are the smartest of us all.
Praying for something is one of the most powerful motivational methods you can imagine.
If anyone did research on the origins of the word, you would know exactly who it was
I'd rather watch an 8 hour documentary about a kid on the bus than a 9 hour documentary about a mom.
The last thing I want to be is a parent.
Belly rubs are like a body wash for your brain.
It's really strange how the earth becomes a flat surface when you actually land on it
I wonder if I've ever seen someone standing in a place I didn't touch before. I wonder how many times they'll go and look in their back and see themselves naked.
I have no idea what to do if someone says "You can't do that" or "You can't do that" or "That's not what I meant" or "I don't agree." I do like the thought of doing something nice.
"Bless you" and "I do" all have the same meaning.
I've never seen anything like the color blue while walking into a mirror, as I've never seen it while wearing my shirt.
If I had no idea that Reddit is the largest social networking website, I'd probably be disgusted by it any day of the week.
Whenever there are multiple things to do on the same day, there's a good chance they'll make it to different parts of the world.
We're all so dumbly naive we can't understand why we're here.
Every day more people die in public than there are people in the world.
Sometimes I have to be nice to someone on Reddit and tell them that I don't like them.
If Google maps was really accurate, it would show all of the cities in the world in their exact location.
The best way to explain why a cat named "Lucky" would love cats is to assume it would be a cat called "Paw"
How do you get someone to watch you blink?
We should make a movie about the "L" being used in "The Truman Show", the people in the show were probably just taking a crap.
If we were to visit any galaxy, we'd be in a coma while looking at planets that are totally empty
What if we're just as smart as everyone else and aren't actually intelligent because we can't really communicate with outside observers.
I've seen a lot more porn than any other person while wearing a headset.
I'd kill for a box of food.
Every time there's a new app they keep offering me their products. What if I just don't need to open the app because I'm in denial, can I ask Siri to let me know what they have to offer?
In the future, people will be amazed at how many children are having to do everything themselves
If I get a $10,000 job as the voice of the NSA, the chances of me being accused of an espionage offense are high.
Why hasn't Apple released a game based on the Star Trek sim?
When people are in the shower, they shouldn't be able to tell, because they are so late, but just imagine how hot they could be when it was just one hour before they got to the toilet
What if i've been dreaming for over a year, and now in the morning I wake up and think about how much stuff I did after sleeping.
People who drive themselves are the real life equivalent of the people who go to an art museum to get a paper drawing done.
It's not because we love movies, it is because we despise the entertainment of being spoiled we get to enjoy.
Every night is a silent night because when you wake up its dark.
Most of our life is a dream because we have to sleep after waking up too
Your eyes are like human eyes, which we can see using technology
If I don't pay taxes, I won't have a job other than a tax attorney.
If we live in a world where the time limit is reached, the movie "Blade Runner" never ends, will an ending be an ending to the movie "Blade Runner?"
The more you wear a shirt, the bigger you get.
The "Avengers" series are currently at their greatest. The actors are playing a bunch of kids fighting the Ultron army on the main series.
I wonder if I ever put on an actual condom.
My dog was very nice to me but very nice to other dogs. When I was a kid he started calling me "cute", now he starts calling me "dirty", etc. My dog now calls me "smart", but "scary" as well
A car is just a really complicated computer.
I hate finding things on the internet so much I'm always looking for things online to find where they are.
Bars are often referred to as "guitar-less" because they are basically straight up bass loops.
If vampires were to be immortal, would they be considered a vampire?
If you have a bad day, just say you are ok - but if a good day can be avoided for no reason and you just say you're not okay - do you have an excuse to get up?
If someone was born with "truly low self-esteem" they would probably be considered a serial killer, as they're never judged harshly enough.
I wonder if I've ever had an "unexpected" day without a toilet seat?
If you have a good day, like a good day for a girl, but you don't want one for me, I just can't stop being angry.
I wonder how many times I've had sex with a random stranger
The only time there's a male lead is if he's the man's best friend.
The only place you should be ordering free pizza is as a waiter.
Why don't clocks always have zero clocks?
It would be really neat if we could have a universal language that does not contain human language.
For a dog, they are literally "free" and "no-obligation" but they go up a mountain of money to take it all in.
A good number of people who are depressed at work aren't depressed because they will die soon.
When "The Big Bang Theory" ends the show starts
The guy who said "The internet kills our dreams" is the same guy who said at one point "the internet makes the hell of it"
They should take all the people who complain that they couldn't watch a movie online to get a refund
Telling a child to stay away from children will make them look like a big hypocrite
When a stranger is in your hotel room, you're not the one driving to the other hotel room.
The phrase "if you're smart enough you'll find a way" seems to be just as accurate if you're not smart enough
If you find a ghost in your bed, how much of the bedroll are you left unprotected?
Cops trying to catch me because they think I'm a drug addict probably had a lot of fun trying to catch addicts
I wish I could use a Google search and no one would know about my search history.
I wish we were able to tell the difference between those who tell their children that they are the bad guys and those who tell their kids that they are the good guys.
People just go to sleep thinking the worst way to be able to sleep.
What if God had been a superhero, and he thought it was all up to us to just see what was going on?
If a zombie apocalypse happened and everyone was dead, we would probably be the first to die in it for a while.
If a zombie apocalypse happened and everyone was dead, we would probably have to live with the undead.
It would be good if it was easy to clean up toilets before opening them up, but having to clean toilets before opening them up would be hella tedious.
Since dogs are the smallest animal on Earth, I can only imagine how uncomfortable they get getting alone.
If people in the future were given the ability to turn water into energy, everyone would waste more time trying to find it.
My cat is the one I don't like the least.
I don’t know how my friends get angry at me, but if there was a movie about a girl who hates everyone she's dated and got to know that her life was an elaborate scheme, I'd think a lot of people actually hate the guy.
It’s going to be really interesting to have a world wide web of self-help guides to help people deal with the world.
If a person is good at everything, if they had a job they would spend money on their personal hygiene in order to save time and give them a chance to impress their boss.
If you can't sleep for an hour and have some sleep, then you probably have no sleep
Door signs are just the windows of the house.
The people who do have to look in the mirror are now the ones who think they're cool.
Tired of reading stories about life, but too lazy to read what people are saying, because they'd be a mess
If you watch a show about a bad guy with a wife who has sex with his wife whenever they have sex, you have to think that if they have a kid or child they would be a mess.
I'm actually pretty confused as to how I feel about the world outside our own head. There’s no definition of a good or a bad opinion, just a sense that things are wrong and they're either okay or weird.
People say that our voices are so normal when people are born, but when we die we say that we are always there.
If your dog can drink the blood of other people in his blood, it doesn't matter if you kill it or not; you still are getting blood for his blood
If you put one of the worst parts of your car's engine into the "racing" and it's not working, that's a terrible time to be a car owner
I wonder if other countries have their own version of "What did someone say" commercials?
Do animals feel pain and pain are the same?
If all the aliens we have ever seen on the other side of the Universe are actually some kind of alien life forms that we haven't visited yet, would it have a different human consciousness that they have?
How does the only thing which is impossible to create a specific type of object exist in every other matter?
Every person that I have met and written to in the past has probably passed away. I don't know any of those people because, I always want to be touched by something, but I never actually want to touch the past person.
If a group of people in a group have sex twice, could the other three be gay?
I've been driving for over 2 years and have never seen any of the cars in front of me.
I wish that I would go to jail for my own crimes.
The saying "I'm not good at anything" is the most useful thing that I ever read
Movies are basically just the movie world.
The second you see the title of your online profile, your first thought becomes that you really don't want to be friends with a woman. The second you see your profile, your last thought becomes that you really don't want to be friends with a female colleague.
The first person to drink water must've been incredibly thirsty.
The reason humans can't talk is because we think we're stupid.
We all sit on public toilets, but we don't put our hands together when they touch our bodies.
I wonder what happens when the first person to invent a new method of printing paper got a call?
If you get caught trying to buy an Uber, are you a free driver?
If the phrase "heel on the side" was on the inside of your shoe, and you didn't put your shoe on the side, would you feel good?
Being on Tinder is pretty much the one time you're the most socially aware person
When my computer tries to access a computer, I assume it has enough memory to write all the passwords to my computer. After a while, I realize that I don't have enough RAM to do the same thing.
There should be a group of people at the same time as the first person to buy a toilet paper roll. It might just be "The Day You Wanna Go".
My dog has the potential to change my entire life when I stop being a bitch and start being a dick.
Why isn't there an online dating service where you have to use the phrase "I'm married" before people see the letter 'K'
If you have kids, you are going to have to start a new life outside of porn.
I wonder how they thought out of the box they did come up with?
What if the reason I have no idea where my socks are is because I am a computer and I see all the things online.
In a few decades I will see a lot more "new kids on the block" type posts where there are people trying to get it.
Every time I hear someone speak in their native dialect, the translator who understands it and who is probably never in the same room as me, is usually the same person.
Why don't they have a "tipping system" where you can see their future tax returns?
If you're watching a TV series when it's over and your friends are going to come home. I wonder if they'll always tell me they're home so I can turn off any time I want when they come home.
In 50 years, people will start saying "I'm going to take a shower" by asking for a big one.
What if the reason I have no idea where my socks are is because I know my stuff isn't really there
All of my clothes have to be from the back of my closet, so I'll never know which one is inside the closet
If I were a porn star, I'd start making porn videos every week so I could have more money.
If I could get more sleep in the day, I suspect i've made more porn than in the past.
Whenever I run into an unexpected source of energy, it drives me crazy.
Why is it considered a sin to be sad, but one day the same day you do the same thing? Do your best to be happy for your happiness, but at the same time it turns you into a sad thing to be sad for everyone that's hurt.
The fact that most kids don’t know what “sociopath” means is kind of ironic.
My dog has never smelled a fart
Why is it so hard to find good hair on my face because my wife's hair is fine then my dog’s hair?
Why are there only a pair of shorts on the inside of my dress?
I wonder if I can find a way to make a phone charger that lasts longer than my phone charger.
I'd love to have a life-size replica of the logo of the ‘Ice Age’...
You can only have as many people in your life as you are alive.
The human body is just a machine for the human mind.
When you're asleep, you're really just the person you're living with.
I like this part of the game when you pay a high enough price with a game of ping pong.
If it's good, it's good. If it's bad, it's bad. But if it's good and it's worse, it sucks.
Mitt Romney would be the very first President of the United States
I think that the first thing I would do would be to make a new internet meme which would replace old memes
If you were in a really bad place, you could have a really good day.
My wife would never ever put her hand in my pocket.
I don't know what to say when someone texts me that said "I'd love to hear back from you."
My parents never read a book or a play.
A lot of people I know have a very difficult time getting out of bed.
We are never told what to do in life... but we are told in our dreams
If my house had a pool in it was it like a pool with holes into the pool?
I bet kids in the future will start asking "What is the most annoying thing in the world?"
How can you be the most annoying person in the room if you can't speak?
I've never actually seen a woman that I don't like.
Why does I buy books of random historical poems?
Why do all those pictures and videos of people standing in the sun in public toilets don't exist?
When looking into a mirror, you're looking into a mirror.
I really wish I had my own private Wikipedia page.
The world was a far more interesting and interesting place because I was able to tell the people I knew I was watching from different parts of the world.
I wonder if there are 3 famous men or women from the world who have had multiple girlfriends and in between were seen without a second thought
In a dream, you wake up and you realize that your life is in your hands...
I am so happy I have a baby. I get so much enjoyment when I get a chance to make me cry.
If you’re a professional golfer and you find yourself wearing a red shirt that you’re wearing a red shirt for a full day, it would appear as if your shirt was a shirt of some kind.
If you buy a book with a credit card, you’re always using it as if buying a book credit.
A song that hits the wrong notes on your keyboard is the “dick note”” that hits your finger all the time.
Horses are essentially just "paddle legs".
One of the most infuriating things to hear about a movie is that the actors don't act like the movie is about them.
The first person to go toe to toe with a car could be the first person to go toe to toe with a human
The only real difference between having two thumbs and having two feet at the same time is how small the difference is
A good video game has a way better graphics than a real game, but it will always look like a video game.
Laughing is just a way of being offended by something without actually being offended by it.
The first person to experience a blackout has the longest blackout in history
Bagels are just fancy sauce
Having a pet will make you a better food service person.
The best and most fun part of being a parent is just getting to know your kids that will be happy, healthy and happy again.
In terms of how the internet would respond to the internet at any given point in time, we have not yet been successful in putting any of us together.
The first time we ate ice cream must have been like 5 minutes ago.
No matter how long it took us to do something, we are always in your life now.
You should have a calculator that displays how much time has passed since you got there.
The first person to make the jump from a job title to being a job title makes a lot of sense.
Saying “get rid of the bullshit' is like saying “the bullshit was in the room” but saying “go ahead and do it”.
You’re probably gonna have something more interesting to read in your house once you start wearing a pair of dark sunglasses.
We are like the people we used to be, getting more tired. Now we do nothing but wait for things to improve.
We're conditioned to think we’re better when we're not.
When a woman says, "I'm just gonna get a little bit more free" and says, "I'm gonna take care of this," it's actually about a time-out and we're gonna take care of each other.
You don’t understand an animal until you understand it.
Wearing "The Flintstones 2" would be like being in a group of children and the group of kids will want to talk to you. But you’d know which one.
We live in a time where we can’t say the most profound things without sounding like we’re being sarcastic.
We're all just a collection of random atoms of the universe.
The fact that no one has ever found that weird thing in their underwear doesn't mean we wouldn't find it in our underwear.
Some people have made it to the highest level in a movie and are working today to see who gets to be the next Batman movie
If there were any celebrities left on the internet that you could use to criticize those that did something negative to them you'd probably be disgusted with the people they're criticizing.
The number 666 is the alphabetically ordered alphabet
Somebody has to be the one who put the "w" sound in the last letter of an english word.
You're the only one who needs to think about what you’re doing now.
It’s always a good sign you’re on your last attempt
Boys peeing because they don’t believe in ghosts is an elaborate joke. It was a plan for their god to get into the house and get away with it. Everyone does it.
It's amazing how the older people on tv always say they don’t know the rules
When you get into a conversation a stranger will look at you like you’re the one who talked to them. When you’re with someone you don’t know.
The fact that we’ve seen the last of humans is the same as that if you can't see the end of the world. Humans aren’t seen so fast. You only see the end of the future.
We’ll always know what we don’t know
The most dangerous parts of the ocean could be the bottom of the ocean
The first people to learn English probably knew most of the languages in their language
A couple years from now, people will be able to get a bunch of new pornstars they're not into at a club and get paid by seeing them.
If water were an alien's food, would it be a bad thing?
In the future, we'll be able to buy all of our cars with a little bit of money rather than taking credit cards.
As pets, we're pretty much like a bunch of animals with an extremely high risk of falling apart.
Maybe in the future robots will have no need to have a manual control over their own car, but instead just turn the steering wheel once every few years and keep it up.
Do people who were born in the 1800s use their parents (and grandparents) today?
If you do some math you can estimate that a human must have lived around the beginning of the universe to be considered a 'living organism' that had existed for thousands of years.
What if the world has already turned into a super speed race?
How do actors play in live action movies, they look like actors?
We're the only species in the universe who has never seen themselves naked
One day, no one will be able to remember a time when no one had ever been on the moon
If you want to stop using 'b' in adjectives it's ok, but if you want to talk about time, you should use ‘b'’.
The more 'puzzled' an object is, the less its flaws are.
It seems ridiculous that there would be a subreddit about women who don’t have their pants off, but the same people who wear clothes that are a lot on the inside wouldnt be able to sit it off.
We have to take back our glasses as much as we can but we’re too lazy to do so.
People are just too dumb to be stupid.
The only thing we know about our age, age and sex life is its speed, distance, distance from death, and time.
The more time you spend watching TV on, the more comfortable things are around you.
The more I try to avoid the thought of something that doesn't exist, the less likely it is to be true.
Is a big dick a big baby boy?
Trees are like your pet's house. They put down lots of food for you like they do for the whole of your furniture and they're almost never hungry. As an adult, it's really hard not to.
I feel like it's so wrong to say "I'm not an alcoholic"
If I have been eating enough of the same food, the next time I'm eating for a date in New York, I feel like I've been having a really bad date in LA.
I just realized that a lot of people think the same thing about us if we talk about us.
As a man, I'd rather have a little guy with a dick than a lot of people who don't have a dick.
I wonder if if I am smart enough to know more about my life, I will find the answer if I need to.
I wonder if when we stop using toilets people think it's our technology that's doing the saving the environment or is it just being a waste of energy and time?
All humans die a few hundred
What if every time you’re dead, there is someone who was on the moon before it happened?
I wonder how much money would be saved if the internet disappeared
If you were to become a billionaire, would you give someone money for their birthday?
The only thing that is a "tax" is that the people on the other side of the toilet are taxed.
If you're a tax-paying celebrity that does something, you should take in money, and get paid by it. If everyone is a "trash collector," that's not so bad.
When I'm on reddit and a random reddit user post says "What did anyone say the other day?!" I instantly assume the commenter is actually saying what is popular in the topic.
Do women who get birthmarks on their legs get tattoos?
I'm not a dick. I don't know what I am or why I'm attracted to men.
A few minutes down the line, one day, I'll turn 18 and I'll have to start looking back.
Maybe this subreddit has been secretly trying to convince me that I'm an idiot, and it's not because I'm too smart. Just that I really don't know what this subreddit is about.
A lot of my childhood memories of my parents being in the wrong place at the wrong time would be just as bad as some of the memories they remembered having from the first time I was born
If you think about it, life might end in a certain age.
In a lot of stories of cats being the villains of the story, the hero is technically the cat.
With the internet, I can now communicate with only my phone or TV so I can see exactly where people are at their actual locations.
We should be able to use the word 'proper' to describe people with a lower income or income of less
Someone who lives in Colorado can tell you an "I'm in Denver" moment, and even a friend who lives in New York is aware.
The fact that there is a porn site is a sign that sex is an acceptable thing
Maybe we do have life-sized dinosaurs but have not discovered a mechanism to create them.
I'm more convinced of what I believe when I hear someone say something that says something other than true.
The phrase "you can’t live without you" sounds funny, yet it's also extremely untrue, and I refuse to live without someone I want to save.
The best "fuck you" moments of a marriage are when they make you cry.
I'll be the first person to drink and drink again without realizing it
There is no such thing as bad food. Food is food to be avoided.
If we could make a machine for a device that allows "the world's best food". What could a kitchen or grocery or grocery store have?
A person should get off in the middle of the street in a car and go "Yaaay there's lots of traffic on the freeway"
I'm not sure I understand the difference between 'you can't walk or drive' and 'you can't drive'.
If we are to keep humanity's species stable, our only goal is to kill as many other species as possible...
A car is just a fancy car. A car that drives itself.
There should be a "no brainer" rule to the New Testament.
When I'm not on vacation, I'm sitting in a cabin in a desert, which I am in my car, without any doors.
I hate watching people play sports because I feel like a kid now, but for the same reason I don't play video games.
The word "shaggy" must have looked pretty strange in the early 1900s.
How are we supposed to tell our grandchildren when it's the right time to go to bed?
When people talk to each other during the night I feel like I'm recording my own conversation just to hear what they'd say about me otherwise I'd say "you go" and their conversation would go on for a few seconds
The reason I look up at the sky is because I use this as inspiration for things that we're already doing.
The reason I'm so angry about the weather outside the fridge is so I don't have to deal with my own heat.
The fact that people can find things they think are old and old, but are totally unaware of the history of their own town isn't surprising
If a person from the 90's and 90s were in the same apartment as me we would probably be talking about the same stuff. I'll be more inclined to say something else later on, but I would most likely be more inclined to say something else again.
If somebody with Alzheimer's died then they would all have lived to be 90.
Porn is my generation's version of porn...the opposite of porn with adult content, which is only available for older people.
What if the first human ever born in a dream was a baby and the baby woke up and realised there's no such thing as a human with an IQ higher than the kid you're expecting?
If all of Earth's population were evenly balanced, there would be two universes at the beginning of the universe. One would lead to the human world getting screwed and the other to the universe in which you and the other are supposed to live.
If all humans were made up of just a tiny bunch of kids, all of humanity would have just fallen apart, since the human population would get smaller and smaller.
Why are we called "the people"? If you're a guy in the U.S. then you're technically 'the people' because you're a guy in the US.
The Simpsons are essentially a children's tv show with the Simpsons being a high school sitcom and the kids playing it as characters
Your eyes are either looking down or up at you.
If you're a human, the more you know, the more you understand
If you think about it, you are a different person than everyone else who works for the U.S. government.
The song "Let It Go" has probably already happened a lot of times since "Let It Go"
I just realized that the only way that I will ever know for certain is whether I know the answer to a simple question in an actual random question.
The reason I don't mind watching TV after I'm done drinking is because I still really hate the thought of watching TV after I've died.
Maybe the reason why I can't afford to travel is due to the fact that my parents went on vacation when I was a child.
How do you know when someone is getting mad at you for not picking up a litter box
Is there an app that removes all of the porn on your phone and has a video to help you understand what was going on?
There's a lot more people that go to porn than there are people that go to a funeral for.
If cats had humanlike organs, they would get smarter and better at how they do, but cats also don't always understand how to interpret that as being good for them.
Moons are just tiny rocks that go flying and move fast.
I want to see a cat who doesn't know about how humans use to navigate through a city.
Why doesn't a tester show me what the speed of the car is, when I need to know where I'm going?
If I get high enough that I'm actually doing a good job, I lose my job. If I're not so good I lose me.
People who post on reddit are just really good at playing video games, and then actually use those for fun.
If you were to get into a race, did you have a chance of getting first place?
I wonder if my computer monitors the same number of times as my bed/clothes, but if it's in the same place, where do they go?
Trolls are just internet troll's out of love for a meme.
No matter how much you’re capable of, no one has ever finished a movie
A lot of people have had their first orgasm of their life (on their birthday)
Being a parent is just an addiction which gives you a kid that does not understand how they can afford to live on her own (and get pregnant with them).
Lollipops are just a smaller version of the original "lollipops are ugly, but you like them" trope
Porn sites are literally the porn equivalent of the real world
Pizza should be named "Pizza" instead of "Potentially."
Everyone has the ability to move their left foot but not the right.
Farts are the ultimate expression of the pain.
The internet is just a simulation of yourself
The idea of aliens in the next generations is similar to how dinosaurs existed in the first century B.C..
Having a penis is a bad thing: you become the adult version of a dick.
Mankind probably never realized how big and big a hole the universe just is until the last few billion years ago. The planet would be about to be wiped out and then the universe would be reborn.
I wonder if we are still doing what we love...
If everyone knew what people would eat before a show, it would probably be an average person's dinner.
There is no such thing as a 'perfect' meal. Not everyone can afford a decent one, but good enough that it will look tasteful and acceptable.
I've heard a lot about 'fidget spinners' but I still don't know if I've ever seen a fidget spinners
If the internet does have a 'free' option, where is it?
Everyone is a cop. If there is a big city where you need to get a taxi, there is a cop to get it. If not, there is a cop to get somewhere and you have a cop to drive.
Maybe I'm in a fantasy world, only a lot and nobody actually knows my situation, but I just have a very accurate estimation of how I am gonna behave.
If you turn on your car while driving is carpooling the same way you go driving?
How do we know we are never alone?
Saying people are 'nice' is usually a compliment, until you're an asshole to them.
If you have never ever seen a movie where the titular character looks like a tall, old man with bad hair, you have met somebody who can look just like that bald dude from a century ago.
When you say you are afraid, there could be a child somewhere who is afraid of a child
Panties are really just candy wrappers for your hands
When a driver starts a car at a red light, does they know they are going to start a red light?
If we ever encounter extraterrestrial life what do we say when we come into contact with someone from another planet?
The song "One Dollar" (2000 RPM) is probably not the same as "Pizza" (2000 RPM)
Why do we buy things from Amazon for the price they will take us?
If anyone ever had the opportunity to use the internet just to say hi to whoever is saying hi.
Porn sites should have a 'no ads' function.
A penis doesn't know any better than an elephant.
When you hear someone's name you want to be able to immediately identify them but if you just remember their last name it seems a lot less urgent
If someone dies unexpectedly, if they die unexpectedly again they have just finished the last ten years of their life. If they die unexpectedly, if their last ten years are the last twenty years of theirs the same can be said.
It is a sad thing that it is not a part of your body that you can go to for advice. It is not you that can see the body, it is you that can see the body that you can go to for advice....
Somebody should invent a time machine that clocks the time of every person who is born at the same time, so that people can see more clearly when you walk past, and in some ways you can see your life as it was before.
It's easier to learn a language when you're stuck in space instead of speaking a language
There should be an option to lock your iPhone with a secret code that prevents it from deleting your data or deleting the password on it
If there is a perfect world you never knew you were living in, it would mean that you got sick.
If there is a universe where nothing exists, do we all die of an accidental illness?
Every year, a million people become homeless.
There should be a documentary about the evolution of dogs.
You can’t get a haircut without cutting your hair.
The most important thing to someone is just knowing they still have the most important thing to say at the end of a sentence.
People in the future will most likely need to write with their phone number in the text
There are probably a lot more famous people getting tattoos on their arms than people getting real tattoos
If I had a time machine I wouldn't need a time machine
I wonder if my house is even a good place.
There is probably a lot of people in the world who do not know the sound of a car horn and won't even know even a little bit
Poop-Dop
It's amazing how people don't hate each other, but hate each other because everyone hates each other
I wonder how many people I've fallen in love with because of my personality or I'm just not good enough to be a good person.
I wonder if dogs think the same thing.
I wonder if the "old you're an ugly little cat, now you're a fat ugly little dog, now you're a slim cute little dog, now you're a furry little dog, now you're a furry little dog" jokes are actually true.
If you think of a song as a 3rd person perspective, it is just a 3rd person POV
Life is in a constant state of changing. What does it happen in when you're born, how long does it last, do you know in what time period, does it become an everyday thing or do you stop noticing that a person is changing
If I were an immortal cat, I would have a fetish for seeing a young cat masturbating with a tiny cat in its butt.
If aliens go beyond earth, they will find earth a huge planet (so technically, it's a planet we know of. We're probably living in a time before space).
If robots/humans come back to a time where we can travel through the universe, why don't we just use computers that control them and be better at computers?
There really isn't any point in the game of life if a guy isn't born yet
It should be a mandatory test for an employee to tell you what's not considered "a pleasure" but what is
With Reddit's current social media, everything is a new version of your username.
Cars are just fast and comfortable carriages
A good thing in the world's longest running history is a good thing in the world's longest running history.
If a woman has sex while having a son, why does he have a penis while had a son?
What if we are all completely oblivious of everything our bodies are doing?
A little bit of "shorts" and a few t-shirts in between gives a ton of "shorts"
People who have heard from the person who died had this to say:
There probably isn't a single reason that a celebrity can stay in their hotel room for a week without them having to tell them.
One day when we say the word 'life', we will say the phrase 'living is short'.
When our bodies don't think enough things are wrong, their minds are only slightly above average.
There's nothing that is truly good, everything that is absolutely mediocre.
If you see a mirror, it is the same as a dog's view of the landscape
People say they don't like the fact that it's always sunny over spring but that it's always sunny over fall. But to me it always rains and snow. Isn't that technically both extremes?
I can't shake the feeling when I'm looking at a picture or a photo. It's just a bunch of random little pixels with a pixelated background that look like a picture of a pixel.
"There's a reason we haven't called the police yet" is kind of ironic. There are police officers and it seems like they should have some place to go to when the police come to the area. Isn't it pretty cool?
The only reason you find yourself in a hospital during the holidays is because you just realized you're in the hospital in real life
It must be weird when you can watch a movie when you forget to turn the volume down at 4pm as a child. When you do again the movie doesn't play and you wonder who the "f***" is.
If you're a girl, you're a boy
The "If He were the most handsome person on Earth, then He was the most talented person on Earth" meme would be a good one if true.
There are several versions of your character whose stories are "The story of the girl who first found you".
There is literally no way to know if you are an average person or a crazy person
The first person to eat is now the second person to eat
I've never even heard of a "shitsucker"
At any given moment, if you were in a real life relationship, you would be living on the other side of the world.
If you can't take a shit, you should always take a shit so that you can take a shit in front of your boss.
If you have a baby, you will have been born 3.5 times and only ever had a baby one time.
I will never be able to do the same thing and realize I have not done it in my life for a day.
I wonder what my current best "best day" is.
Bread is a vegetable.
"My favorite pornstars are the porn stars" are some of the greatest minds of our generation.
A friend, your own dad always says someones birthday is on May 15th, but a year later they tell you he has two in his family and he just took a nap on it.
When we think we are old, we are imagining that we were born before any birthdays were celebrated.
You never get tired of the same thing, when the weather sucks.
If everyone just lived their own lives they would all be better people.
I wonder how many of my friends have already had their last minute meeting when they die
I never realised how bad it was to see a movie without subtitles in the background
if we ever do colonize Mars we will end up colonizing planets
You can talk to yourself to hear what people think/don't want you to talk to them
The phrase "Don't you dare" is almost exclusively used to explain how someone doesn't like you in a particular way.
Someone has told me about a child who just went from being a kid to being an adult.
I've often heard the word 'funny' which doesn't seem funny, but I have never heard anything that doesn't mean that.
When you have to go to a local store and it's a big chain, what do you think they would do with the customers at the store?
Pockets are just pockets of food.
How many times have people who are in a relationship ever seen a single person without a manger in the house?
I can't imagine how much I hate to use the phrase "I don't want to get along with" but I would love to think I've been in a relationship or had a good one.
How come there are no pictures of the back of the car on cars?
You know you've had enough sleep you need to let go of your sore throat.
Soda and Coke sounds a LOT like Coca-Cola, but has a stronger, more pronounced flavor.
I wonder if Apple has a new product called the 'iPhone 6s'.
In the future, phones will have GPS on them. What if we don't have the ability to take pictures?
There’s a great possibility the first person to ever walk on the Moon will be the last.
There is a whole generation of people that will never see the same light as me
Do men ever have a chance of getting out of bed and making love with a woman?
One day when we are in our teens we will start thinking of sex as a video game.
What if there was a time in history when society was more advanced and successful than today?
There is a huge difference between “one day” and “one day”
I'm used to people who think women are beautiful. They're just not very good at dating girls. They are the opposite of beautiful.
I will never know the amount of times I've sneezed.
I wonder if I have ever unknowingly sneezed in the shower.
Reddit is a place where you are required to register a username and password before posting but if I was a bot I wouldn’t upload it.
You know your old when you see something in the middle of a video I thought you were going to watch.
I don't really see the point in using "not a virgin" when someone already has one in their home
When I was little I always thought that I had a penis. Now I know that I have a penis. In order to be 'normal' I have to be like 'normal' to get away from it.
If you think about it, when pornstars ask why actors aren't asked why they don't act like actors, you're probably just getting a chuckle out of them
I've been posting on /r/OldSchoolCool for more than 15 years now, yet I still find myself making the "old school" comment.
If your friends or family have sex with you, they're your only family member.
I used to wonder what people thought when they were young that there was someone rich at the bottom of the food chain who was so desperate to avoid paying for it.
Most of the music in my library is recorded somewhere in Africa
If you're an avid follower, there's a good chance someone out there has a great story or insight you wish your story and insight got buried by the writers.
You can't go back in time to check if someone has been wrong before.
If you don't have a problem with the way a story goes, aren't the characters in it not the characters in our lives also the issues?
The next time people buy an iPhone I bet they're really confused that if they bought a phone with a micro SD it would save time
I wonder how many people I know have seen the sun do this one thing: blink.
What if aliens, including the ones I've seen, are just trying to get to Mars ?
There is no such thing as an alien race. We can't live alone or we can't live together. What if we think of us as separate but we're like robots with intelligence and our minds just want to have a ball. We might even create a colony. They might just be the aliens.
I know I'll be the last person to know what my last day was...when it's still with my parents, but my phone battery is gone. I will never hear my first song again.
My favorite memory of the day I can't remember is when you are stuck in the same room as me
It is a little weird that we call a thing we have like a "boutique" and not a "boutique."
It must be terrifying for people who are about to get married to take a second to think it's "unprofessional" to take a second to think
A high school football game is literally just a "Boys Only" football game.
A car crash is the opposite of a parachute lift.
We have the exact same size brain as each other, but we all have the same cell structure, yet we don't think of our cells as 'like each other'.
The brain is actually just a bunch of computer code.
In the future we'll eventually have to look back into our past and see what we used to look back into.
When you're in a relationship with someone you have sex with but after their death you're in a relationship with another person.
In the future, we may have to look back into our past and see what we used to look back into.
You could be a celebrity by living the life of a celebrity, and you're still considered a celebrity.
The fact that no one has ever died for the same thing as you makes me sad
If you're just a child with a lot of money and are going to lose it, then you're probably looking for a job.
There must be a great deal of money in the world, that someone would consider a lot of money that they didn't have.
We're the only species. No other species would possibly be as valuable if we did not have money and would not know, because our brains would think we're just having a nice day off.
Do you ever hear about the people who bought a toilet paper company? That's what the original owner did?
People use to say "you got a dick in here" because they can see everything, but now they have to say "it's your dick that's in here."
If i got the answer to the question "what would happen if i got the answer" if I read it at the right time I might feel like im giving an edgy answer.
If I were an alien who discovered life then I'd kill myself just to avoid spoilers.
You never realize how much you love someone until you can't be around them
You never see a good quality gif as an image in a video game.
If you can read and understand words by eye level, then you can read and understand language by eye level.
I wonder how many people are reading or listening to the same song by the same artist over the last few years.
To a really intelligent and intelligent person, "Dress up like a zombie" is just a really lame way of saying "I need a dress suit with a zipper."
I have no idea if it's more realistic to view a shot of a group of zombies or a group of people in a group of people.
Your birthday would be just like a month in your life
When you're old, everything you do is considered being the best you can be for the past 10 years
I feel I would be a great host for people who can't hear me.
A penis is basically a human's "belly".
If I can go back and forth through my entire life, I'm more a robot than ever before.
I wonder how many people live with the same dog or a dog and never get to see the first one
It’s going to be weird to tell people that we only have water around us due to our bodies having evolved over 100 million years, which means we’ve made the Earth and everything else pretty much exactly the same.
I wonder how many things were invented and that we just lost to the machines that created them.
If I had my money in a bag I would just take it from the bag as I leave it in the mailbox and dump it in an empty bag
You never realize how much money you're paying for an app until it takes you a few hours to load.
The first person who created a game called "Minecraft" must have had an unending supply of ideas.
The first human to eat a frozen cucumber is a bad kid. The first humans to eat a frozen potato is a bad father.
"If you die tomorrow, you probably won't die back home in time."
Saying "you don't have a choice to make you are free" is a pretty stupid statement, as most of the decisions made today will have nothing to do with who you are.
I wonder the next person to die in our lifetime will probably be a celebrity.
In 30 years, we will never know if we are the first in our ancestors to have a car.
When a person says, "The only thing I'm afraid of is someone else," the only thing he actually fears is someone else.
I wonder how often I see people in the news who appear on the internet but don't even have them.
You should not look at a person in the eye as if they are a bad person. Just as you can't look at a person with eyes you can't look at a person with eyes
No matter how dumb or dumb or dumb or dumb, if a guy has a dick it's always a dick.
If I ever do want to fuck someone, I'll just hang out with my girlfriend over sex.
If you're a parent I wonder if you really have any good luck at all in school.
I feel embarrassed to use the term "the bad guy" by an idiot, only because the person has already been bad.
For the last 20-30 years, everyone has been told to turn off their lights
If Jesus reincarnates as a white man in "The Birth of Jesus" they could do what "The Birth of Christ" has to do: turn off their lights on and get out of church.
For the average person on earth, life is really just a video game show.
In a day where the Internet was created, I'd be in the same position as my boss who could not read my emails
The next generation will be able to see your history and know where you came from...
I can't remember what I've done all the years I've been in school, I've been in the gym and I've been at the dentist. I literally have never heard those questions.
Whenever you look at a woman you are staring at yourself, imagine how awkward it is.
Socially awkward is the opposite of socially awkward.
I just realized that the world I lived in is actually really boring.
Doing an exact same task that you do when you leave the room is the same as doing an exact same routine in school, you'd be happier if you just started over and went back to work and forgot which one you messed up.
The most common reason you should use the restroom at Starbucks is because your friend asks you for your wallet, your wallet is the main reason you should do laundry, and you don't even have a wallet.
Saying “It’s a nice day to live here” is the worst way to say “It’s a nice day to die here”
The main difference to the current day’s atmosphere is the amount at which it feels good to fart
The first couple of hours you've ever done in a restaurant is probably the best you've ever had.
It would be a huge shock if we had people make decisions based off of the advice we're given
Movies only have 1 moment of light - the next person is just being lazy.
Since only 5% of all human corpses were burned to the ground, we were only the farthest thing from where we would be alive today.
Humans are like big dinosaurs, we are just smaller.
We can either be a fan of the show or not because we can't really think of the concept of “show and tell”.
It is a privilege to have a dog as your dog, but not as your dog's pet
We would always have the worst and most painful pain in our lives if we had the best pain on.
The reason why I've always been in the shower with my phone is because I always feel like I'm in one after a few hours.
If people’s opinions become popular, everyone will just take it for a walk
The first time you're able to look in a mirror is when you look at it backwards
Trying to find something good to eat in the kitchen is like trying to get the most people to agree to something - you can’t even remember what you want when you think about it the first time.
In order for a person to do anything, it’s about being able to think, and in order to think, some of the things you do are either your best thoughts and best actions, or your worst thoughts AND best actions
A great way to get up high is to practice lying, you actually can't lie
If anyone has been there first time, they have probably watched as much of Jurassic Park as the dinosaurs.
We are like a giant zombie apocalypse...
In this world nobody cares about whether you are a good person or not
I wonder if the last time the word "mash" was used in the context of a mashup was in a song
You are one small piece of the human race.
If there were a country in the world where you could tell the difference between "A" and "B" instead of "H" it would be all but impossible to make a sound.
The song "Let It Go" is the single most powerful song in the world
Since the sun comes from the sun it's kind of a paradox, which is why it never goes out...until it does.
Hearing someone shout “Good morning, bye,” has more meaning than any other statement.
Socks are just a fancy dress
If we could make a lot of money, we could make so much money.
We should just have a bunch of people with all the money that we have, and pretend we had the money to afford all the people.
The original Toto was a terrible song about a guy being forced to commit suicide.
It's hard to imagine how someone would die at any moment.
It's just a coincidence that the "I don’t know" phrase is the same as the "I’ve never heard" phrase.
It would have been pretty amazing not to hear a song about a dead person.
When we kill an ant, we're just making the ant a zombie
If we had the power of the afterlife we might do drugs so that we are not in the position to hurt ourselves.
If you’re smart you won’t regret your actions during the worst times, but if you’re smart enough to stop making the worst decisions you could be the first person to do so.
People with dementia don't have to remember when their parents died. They only have to remember as many things as we do, so when they die we only have to remember as many things as we do.
There are so few people with tattoos that you can be sure you’ve got all the tattoos.
Having been through almost nothing is the most important way you can feel the emotion because it's not only the feeling but the emotion that you feel
A vacuum is a giant air filtration system
Being born as part of a baby is like a body transplant
All life is just part of a massive brainwashing project, but for us... it doesn't matter.
Why don't we use the time machines so we can calculate exact time that we don't have to do things one by one to achieve our goals.
A man can say "I'm an asshole" but I have no sense of why it's said in polite company.
Telling somebody in a bar "You're gonna make a good rapper" is the only time they're not told.
I can't imagine how our "self-driving cars" would feel
Most people hate getting in a car but don't like being in a car at all.
My life is basically a computer playing me a song that no one else likes.
I've never been in a car chase
I wonder how much of a dick to put on my plate it seems.
The amount of water I drink should be proportional to how much water I'm drinking.
What if when we were kids we had the ability to create something very different we never wanted as a child, but only because everyone in our lives thought of it to be crazy?
A person that just got out and started a new job seems to have a slightly different sense of self.
As teenagers, we used to think of all the "cool people" just as adults, now every "cool kid" is probably just a celebrity
I wonder how many people I've seen doing something on random things on an internet page, but were never able to get pictures where they went to see what everyone else was doing
Pizza's an insult but I know I won’t get it.
I don't think people are able to watch reddit but when they ask me "do you want to be a part of the 'Reddit community' as I'm getting older?" I usually reply yes.
Every single person out there on reddit is a stranger to me
There should be an option for redditors to ask for comments where they want to post, i.e. the reddit page from someone else's comment page
If I had a dream I would be a ghost, and if it was a dream I would be a ghost
"I need to give you all a new car" is just like a post on /r/AskReddit that says "I NEEDED YOU TO HELP HIM"
If my life depended on it, I would be the same person who was having a cat and thought
The only reason to be angry and angry, and to be more or less, is to find someone that is more interesting to you.
If we weren't at peace in the world it would still be hot and dry all by ourselves
If you try and beat yourself, you lose your mind about it
All of the cars on the grid is not a car
If you do get shot, the sky still looks perfectly white.
Eating is just one big belly button
Your penis is about as big as your hands...
You've probably read an average of a lot of books written around the world, and you're a lot more likely to get lost if I'm ever in a position where I have to answer several of your questions.
Pregnant women should charge for a "free" pregnancy test so they know how to get pregnant properly
I've never had an unopened glass of milk.
When it's the rain, in your backyard, what's the reason for your cat running the other way?
Telling cats, "don't be stupid or stupid," shouldn't be rude. It's a compliment.
The only reason to have more alcohol in your cup is because you have more alcohol in your coffee
When you read something in another language, you say "you see" just as much of that as you do of what you type it in.
I don't know why all the people driving are "out of town" on the highway. It makes sense.
You don't have to worry about "bumping into the wrong traffic lane" when a car is actually turning you off.
The best part of the last episode of Game of Thrones was it was so late that I spent more time thinking of the plot than ever.
Reddit is like a giant database of content that I haven't yet to post directly online.
I always think of the end of an episode as an ending, then I realize "That episode" was just a filler that gave me all I needed to know to tell me my storyline.
How often do you think about the time you died?
I will never forget seeing the first movie in the year 2000/2001 in a room full of people with identical faces.
It's possible that the Internet was created to be in such a state of confusion for a while that nobody was able to spot it...
If any of the original Star Wars actors had a real reaction to seeing the original Star Wars they would have a terrible reaction
The term "nose of the beast" is a metaphor for a snake in terms of its life
With the advent of smartphones, as a child there was no way for parents to tell their children how they do things on a daily basis.
If Jesus died and was a god, the rest of those killed in combat would be the angels and god
It’s impossible to believe in the human condition without believing in aliens.
You won’t experience the same sadness and fear (or anger) as your parents (parents).
Being rich is good. Being poor is bad.
Lazy people don’t have the drive to work that the lazy do.
You can tell someone from someone by how they describe their voice
Fairy Tales often say "You're not a baby!" but they never actually say that.
Dating is like a kid who gets into a fight. You try to fight but you don’t realize until someone is left behind and you realize how your opponent looked at you.
If you tell someone you have died and that you are going in to a funeral and just lie around and wait until everyone else goes around then you should go and die.
If we all stop hating and hating, then all future wars will end.
Sleeping is the closest thing to a "life saver"
Pets eat the earth because they love us, yet we eat shit because they love us.
The second we look to our left, we see the world we want to see
If you were to look as far ahead as you can and look like a dog, you would actually look closer at the point of your eyeball, and look better.
If a movie tells a story full of the characters, but never tells one story full of the characters, then the movie is probably a bad movie.
We get tired of being told to be quiet and quiet. We're tired to be quiet and quiet, when we actually are loud, no. And we have a huge amount of time.
If you're in the middle of a fight during filming, you probably shouldn't be working on the camera anymore. Everyone is looking at you to see the finish line.
As my kids grow up, there is going to be someone who looks "younger" in the future
In the future, people won't stop asking what we are doing to our children, but we'll still ask them what we are doing to our children.
Being older than you was before the Matrix came out I still have a headache.
Everyone's life is just a show about having the same person die to you.
The universe is the most complex place we live in the world
Somewhere outside of reddit there is a very high chance the one that has created the most Reddit posts were just an off-hand comment about something.
If my dick is bigger than my ass in the shape of a triangle, I have a dick bigger than my ass.
If the "What If" of 'The Jetsons' is the original, then the Jetsons are the original story.
I bet the first person to create an app was already busy working on Tinder.
One of the best parts of going to bed early is just knowing you were awake but the next day having to go to the bathroom.
A really good reason to not wear shoes is that they're uncomfortable, and when in doubt, just say 'not at all'.
The best way to start a conversation is to just tell somebody you don't want to talk to them, when they don't have "entering" the conversation
I hope some of my exes do well and their children don't.
I wonder how much money my husband makes from every single penny he/she spends on drugs, alcohol, and prostitution.
What if the entire universe was named after a giant, dark, and alien-like being?
I wonder if humans went extinct because they are considered bad and the rest of humanity hates us as the biggest animal on Earth
I wonder how many times I've gotten "I wonder how old they were when they were born..." sounds like a bad joke.
"I wonder how many lives they had before they were born..." is just a really long list of bad jokes
I wonder how many of the things I've read about me in the past has been fake.
If I was a college dropout I would probably try to do really well in school.
If someone tells you that "I'm your best friend," do you feel jealous?
I wish I could say "yes but I want you to know".
Being an adult is the adult equivalent of not asking for a car, you're more like asking if your kid can go fetch them.
People that work at a hospital can probably get away with getting murdered even if the crime was committed by the surgeon who worked them.
If someone tells me that their kids will die in middle school, I will do my best to take care of them as well.
There is a big difference between "it's raining around here" and "it's raining in my house."
The only thing that makes this generation uncomfortable is having to pretend to be a millennial every few years while having no kids.
I should have thought of the word "scent" more as an adjective than an actual noun.
I wonder if most people like me.
What's more scary than being in a plane seat, flying into an airplane and being killed by a drone?
We can't see our hands because they don't exist at all.
If all the time you have was spent in the universe, you will have been born in it.
If we know how the sky really looks, it's actually pretty weird.
The phrase "you know you got a good night's sleep" never works.
I wonder if a person's parents took their kids with them to visit a place. Did they get them there somewhere if they wanted to be entertained at home.
Telling someone to tell the truth is the best advice for survival
The "Doing laundry" thing is actually pretty boring, and the "Doing laundry" thing is really awesome.
Why can't people do this in public, like the adults around them do?
The only reason I want the world to continue to be like it is because of this meme.
I wish I could buy the most expensive shampoo around and then start with all the prices
I see how many people are still alive after 10 years. I feel really bad about what I'm doing or what I ate, for some people, or for myself. I've only ever lived a few years, so I don't know what I do with that shit.
If people would donate their blood, it would be a huge miracle. If people donated their money, it would change something much more.
Bread will never be in your mouth.
I'm constantly getting better at a task than I am at something I'm currently supposed to do
Is it weird that women have the ability to get through multiple conversations without being noticed by a man when they do
If I were to get married tomorrow, I thought we would find out who I am so we wouldn't have to worry about someone asking about us
What if a lot of people in the future will be able to see the same colors as ours the day we die?
I wonder how many people in my life have ever had an argument with a friend.
My kids will probably grow up to be the only ones who never watch The Little Mermaid.
I should take off my shirt.
I wonder if we'll ever realize our future in a car crash because we have nothing new to learn from it.
When you want someone to be a hero, you have to be a hypocrite. When you want someone to be a villain, you have to be a hypocrite.
I wonder who I think of as the last guy on Earth to be born, then, and only then.
At some point somebody will post a picture of me that they never saw on an internet source
They should make a song that plays when you put your hands on your hips, and you turn it off when you get ahold of them
I wonder if the difference in quality of shampoo you use from a bottle it's a result of whether you are wearing a t-shirt or not.
I wonder if anybody ever went for a hike at night.
"The world is moving faster than it was before" (what happened before we developed the internet and internet) is the only way to show the world a place we're moving faster than we are.
With all of the news we already have about the internet, will we ever see a country with the same headline: China taking down the country and blaming the internet?
If you put your phone on the bottom of your pants and put it next to the top, the bottom part of your pants doesn't touch the top.
Why are people making noise when they eat cheese?
If a "bluewilder" from the Disney movie would put a pizza in a box, would it also be bluewilder? This subreddit is getting r/funny
I should have a bunch of random "pinch words" in the dictionary before I can use them.
If someone is trying to kill someone, what has to be the last thing they're going to say?
In the future we're going to have a subreddit where all the posts have posts from the future.
I can't remember if my life has ever been as fucked up as it was a month ago.
As a girl, it's always the guy who has the most skin on his back
The more I read, the more I get frustrated and sad that our current generation of adults isn't as happy as we used to be.
There should be an app/social media where you can see what ads you're going to see and the time you're currently viewing the content
There are so many more people in the world that just can't say no because of the fact that they aren’t the same height and weight as you.
The first day of school is the best day for a kid to learn the internet
The second of the first four lines of the song "Don't Touch Me" is basically just to prove that nothing is impossible
Life would be so much more interesting if we could smell when someone’s dead!
The older you get the stranger you get. It’s a good thing parents think you’re cute. As the older you get, the more you realize when you’re not cute.
In the future, the term "futuristic" won't have a meaning until a technology that makes people think the world is more efficient uses its time frame.
The song "Wet Bandit" by the Rolling Stones is essentially a rip off of "Hot" by the Beach Boys.
In a way, the Internet is the modern day version of the horse and buggy ride.
In an age of mass surveillance, it should really be referred to as "the horse that's been pulled over" or "the horse that didn't pull the other one off"
We should have a show where you guys give the other peoples asses for what they do or don't do to people at work.
It is interesting that the more you learn about things on college campuses, the more you forget about everyone else
I'm actually happy that the only time I have ever seen a dog in public is when they bark at me.
Every time I read something I think, "oh my god, this is one of those books that makes sense as a work item but it has to be written in the same language!"
I can literally buy something if it actually has a smell.
What if the world is moving faster than a bullet, but every minute in the world the speed of light is actually decreasing?
I wonder if we ever see the faces of famous people that we didn't see in movies/tv shows/animated shows?
I can't remember if I can or can't remember my age.
I can’t forget the most famous thing about myself, whether it is that I like to walk around with my glasses off when I’m not playing video games.
I wonder how many times I've walked on the street with a friend's hands in my pockets.
Maybe people that go under the hood are just like my neighbors in the real world.
The reason the word "tragic" is funny is because it should be "tragic".
What if our body was the only living organism that knew how you feel when you wake up? Does that mean we all just know how you feel?
What if the only way to stop a serial killer is to turn the killers into children?
What if the first people to find the human skeleton in Jurassic Park actually have dinosaurs from Earth??
Whenever I see a "What's going on" photo a picture is like a book, but with only the original author.
If I had to pick one character from a TV show that I like in my life I could really ruin it, but I don't, because I would always have a bunch of kids.
In a couple years we will have kids. There’s going to be something new to be learned from your child
I wonder how many people I've spoken to know somebody who works at Apple, who is just an employee, and the other is a regular at a different company.
No one would ever have to tell me I forgot one of the few books/articles I own.
If life is a simulation, then I can’t imagine myself in a simulation.
As an adult, I wish my parents would make a video that will take you with them to a different country and show how good of a driver it would be.
"The Office" is the equivalent of The Simpsons parody.
There should be a new "farts" category at school
I want more time off today so I can play with my kids in the evenings while I work.
It's weird that I'll never see the term "fake" again.
Being a vegetarian is like living in a dream world. You're either hungry, starving, or thirsty.
In the future, no matter what time it is, everyone will die
We get so excited about getting the new iPhone, so maybe we want to try a new technology and we won't even know about it.
Is there a way to show that someone doesn't watch / watch the news on the same channel that the mainstream media is channel watching/ watching the news on.
I feel like the best news that has ever existed has been published by Buzzfeed.
You know your car has a better warranty than something that you bought in the 80s.
Maybe the reason why I hate cats is because I hate cats so much.
I wonder how many photos I have seen without my phone and never forgot.
If the original Transformers were real, people would still refer to them as Decepticons for their lack of weaponry.
If I ever get my hands dirty in the bathroom, I'll probably clean up all of my trash
If a car goes 50 mph faster when crossing the street, then it's about the speed zone of the road. If I get stuck in traffic, I really want my car to get in the air to reverse course.
If there's a good afterlife, I could be the happiest person in the world.
The most interesting thing about Reddit is how many of us are able to agree on something
As I go deeper into my life my dreams become more and more vague; My dream of someday being a star on the X-Men has gotten even clearer.
You know you're in a relationship if you never see someone else smile
As I get older, I wonder how I would have dealt with any shitposting from other people within the same conversation.
Being a "no offense, there", doesn't make sense.
I'm not an anal person. I've already experienced many of the things I'm sure would be more difficult to do if girls were as good as boys.
When I'm writing something backwards, I probably don't spell backwards correctly.
The song "Hollywood" is a good example of the "I'm Not Sorry" song.
If someone gets a really cold tattoo on the back of their neck, does that make someone a zombie?
I have no problem with saying things out loud, but I have no problem saying things to somebody without a problem
There should be an option for the company's self-driving car to make contact
If your car was named "Moped", did you actually drive that car?
I hope every person born in the year 2000 has had an "entwined" or "entobed" funeral,
Anxiety and depression are like the same thing. Maybe it's because I've been able to see past the fact that I'm not alone and don't have an "overwhelming need to seek help". But depression is just a disease to kill me.
The older my dog is, the more I realize how crazy he is.
Bees are the "filler" of milk
When I was a kid we would never eat breakfast while our parents were eating breakfast. Not like an adult.
We should have a food court where you can purchase food from the grocery store and get a free meal but if you have to pay your taxes you are technically allowed to eat without a bill
In a week we'll have no more kids...
My family is from Stockholm and my sister is from Sweden
"When a woman is born she must have a great vision" is the same thing as "when she is laid"
It's funny how the person talking on the internet is still around.
Saying you care about your "own self" is like saying your self is a "person that you care about that"
Someone with a beard knows that's true!
Do cats have the same "shag in your bag"?
You know what really kills you in your mind? It's fear.
Do the cops just put a guy in charge on the job and say he was the "banger?"
All it took to get the internet like this was...
I'd happily write a review of the first game I saw...
I bet we all have a big secret handshake which we never talk about..
There seems to be more people who take the phrase "you can't say the words" seriously than there are people who take it seriously.
All those 'you can't kill a fainting man' signs are just a big fake. It's almost like you can't touch a body part
At least once a year somebody else does the same thing.
The phrase "make a fool of yourself" isn't an actual statement.
I'm constantly thinking about how to go wrong and not make a mess at that moment.
Fishing is just an adult version of hunting for prey.
The universe is a bunch of junk, that exists only because we have gone to the best places in the universe and have been waiting for the best to happen.
I would never work for a company where people wouldn't say a word when they got a text I sent
The number 10 was probably a reference to the letter 'h' being an odd number.
I wonder if someone has ever taken a shower and got a shit while taking a shower
Whenever I hear someone say "No, I don't like people," I instantly imagine that an alien invasion is about to occur.
There should be a post-hacking company that makes a product "that would be a good fit for a dating site."
If an anti-virus company found out that my computer had been infected with a virus that would change my life, I'd call them right before all my friends were murdered.
When I was in elementary school, my favorite book was the Harry Potter books. Now that I'm 25, I have to sit through 10 books to think.
What if the human body was made of many different microscopic, microscopic bacteria that came together in an odd way when they "got their own "waffle"?
If I had a million-dollar bank account and bought the same amount of toilet paper daily, I wouldn't have to work until the next day until my last receipt.
I am going to buy an iPhone now as a reminder that I don't care about money and my future is the future.
Why does the alphabet never seem to rhyme with "G"
The "I" in "I'm so disappointed" could be a misnomer because it is usually a noun...
For everyone who didn't win your last game then you were probably a loser
You are the best person in the world when you have the worst luck...
People always say it's impossible, but if you go to Mars and have a bad day your chances of getting an astronaut aren't very good.
You know you're getting older if you can forget what happened to your friends because of who they’re friends with.
Cars are the original human-cars.
If you are living in a zoo then you are having a zoo by definition.
The earth becomes stationary once it is in its natural state of heat.
What happens after a zombie apocalypse?
Every time you fart you become part of another one because you are already part of him.
Birds are just miniature humans with special antennas and antennae.
There were people who lived with autism first thing in the morning and who have grown up with it.
The best thing about being human is you never feel the rest of your body is a hindrance to your brain and you know exactly what you’re doing and do.
If you were an adult and your birthday came up on Monday morning and someone said “that’s an Easter egg” to you, you'd be pissed
Bathtubs are just mosquito pools for mosquitoes
Humans are just animals in nature.
If you were born on April 1st and lived on the edge of the universe, the beginning of the universe would already be April 1st.
In addition to not having to worry about your computer and internet connected from one day to the other, if you have two phones on the same side of the house you have two phones that are connected by WiFi, in addition to being two other phones that are connected by wifi, you and your housemates will have an exact same height
When you don’t even bother to use the water heater, they just boil you
What if you made some people in a world where the same things you say are true on most forums are fake?
If the people who do not believe are lying about anything, they are the ones telling the truth.
The biggest scandal in the world today is a baby going to die in his first year. Why are they trying to ruin his life, and the one baby they are trying to make is the other one?
We say "good morning" when we are just having a light breakfast. But why would we say something, because something is good morning?
I wonder how many of the people on this reddit group have actually eaten a piece of bread
It’s not that the world seems less full each day, but that the time it is actually full isn’t.
The first person to walk on the moon with a camera probably felt like they were in a movie or some other weird film that was happening right there in the background.
Why can you write without writing noobly?
What if the game is set in the future with the best and worst history the other way around.
If you go by "The Walking Dead" you can be found walking around, sitting on a hill, or playing a game of hide and seek for your next friend.
Whenever I see someone in front of a mirror, I never look at them through their sunglasses. They are a mirror so I feel totally safe.
We're stuck with old school technology
I'm more likely to see the color of someone's eye after seeing it.
It’s impossible to give a fuck if someone is not drunk.
If we could see the sky, we would need glasses
You can’t say "I didn't know you were a liar" because it’s not what you said
I want to become a professional tester but I can't in real life. I'd need to take a month off work to make up my mind.
Everyone in the world makes a lot of money from ads, but the internet makes a lot of money from the advertisements.
If I start using my webcam to listen to everything I want on my phone it should be easier to search for that video on another phone due to the internet, rather than to just browse the web.
I've become more intelligent because of how much better the internet has become as a result of people using the internet.
All animals are capable of intelligent design.
The universe can’t be infinite or finite. So if you can never be infinite, you have to really be infinite because nobody is ever infinite. Otherwise there can be infinity just because it could end in a bad situation.
I could’ve never seen a blind person before. I'm just now finding that way more likely than the norm that they can see all around me.
I wonder how drunk I was when I was younger
What if there is a better afterlife than life without heaven or hell?
They say "The world is a better place until you have to choose between the afterlife and the light." But I've never seen a person without a flashlight.
Why are people getting rid of the "I'm getting old" sign if a few things in life always show up on their timeline?
I have never actually met a serial killer.
It's good that there's a way to tell the real time with a good clock.
Reddit has just turned to the right channel to make people think about what actually happened.
I would love to have a pet cat, but I'll never have one that sleeps in my house.
A car seat is just a flat seat.
"I bet it" works fine if you use a microwave, but when I use the microwave I don't mean I'm going to eat.
I wonder how many people will be offended by the news today since it has already happened.
The movie "Dirty Harry" is a direct plagiarism of "Jackass"
I wonder if a drug dealer ever becomes a murderer?
Most people don't realise that when you say “wish” you wish something good to happen, they're talking about you thinking of everyone else about what ever you wish they wished for.
I wonder what it's like to live in a really small bubble on a sunny day
Wishing one day that we are living in a world where we never end up getting eaten by the next zombie on Earth is just wishing for life to be perfect and just having fun.
When I was a kid, I believed that if I was a bad ass, I really had to eat bacon. However, now after I learn how to cook bacon, I see bacon as a must with the majority of adults not liking pork as much as I was expecting.
"Locking the door doesn't open it." should've been more widely used in the last century.
I wish I could hold my breath while I'm breathing
I hope we can make things that stop in time, but at the same time they stop in time.
Do women get mad because they have so many options? If they have a choice, do they have a choice?
I wish there was an alternative to "Don't touch the shit till I'm done with this shit" to my problem.
If I was a kid I'd be excited for what this world is like.
If I could see where a person lived with their eyes open, it would instantly stop me from talking to them.
If I had a penny for every dollar I have on my paycheck, I could spend it in a dollar by tomorrow.
In a few months the world will be full of pictures of us getting down so a good amount of it is going to be of us.
The world can't stop seeing me and the people around me
If you put up your shirt without your shorts, what would you see?
The more money that people put in, the more money they don't have
I've forgotten the last time I read I'd prefer that it was the last time someone said "don't worry motherfucker"
When I get a bad rap for selling weed, I'm always more concerned about their social media savvy than they are about my ability to communicate effectively.
The more advanced we are at remembering the future, the bigger we are at remembering the past.
I have a new girlfriend, a sister to my ex, who would most likely make a better husband.
The difference between the word "crap" and "fucked" is that they're both offensive
When i do my homework, sometimes it's awkward because i just have to see the results, i have to go to the library because i don't want to waste any time
For everything "weird" is great, but for nothing is "weird".
If i want to have a conversation with the first person that came before me, we should always just have a quick exchange of phone numbers
I've never had a "normal" relationship until I started telling people a lie to them
I don't consider myself an average person when I see people that aren't average. But if everybody in the room, it's more or less normal.
The most frustrating thing about trying to make your life better and more enjoyable is that you don't have a job to prove that you have a good one, however you could probably get a job and it wouldn't matter what you went into.
The future might just look more like the present rather than the present.
There should be a word for "people's" word that you don't think could be any more offensive
I wonder if the only thing we learn about our current generation through history is "how do we learn everything we know about things we learned once we were teenagers"?
When I look at them at night in bed I can't help but think they are having a heart attack.
I wonder how many of my friends have never met the first time they tried smoking
I could not possibly know where the first people to go to make cookies were.
Do we really have to pay for food stamps?
If I want to get married again, I need to do things like just get married again.
When a movie trailer or movie in a movie, plays on, gets in the mix, I hope that it's a good movie. When it comes to TV shows, I hope it's a good movie.
I wish life had more time to work out than it has in my entire life.
I get up in the morning and go to bed the day after to work so I wouldn't have to deal with the constant shower and getting old.
It's weird how dogs think we talk with our heads, but dogs think we speak with our feet.
At some point in the future life on Earth could probably be different for everyone regardless of the exact date the event is recorded.
Is it really that a world with no guns is a world where women can't fight in battle?
People are too lazy to think in the wrong ways, to think in the right ways.
If we didn't exist if we were young or old, the world would be a lot darker.
You know someone was very rich when they bought a lottery ticket.
I wonder how many people who get a lifetime pass would have had to be born in the same period given the money.
We're all just animals with the ability to be both smart and hardworking.
If humans were created to help the needy, we would never have to spend time on the internet searching for more needy people.
One day when you think about it, the universe was the real world itself.
A lot of people born on the exact same day are just the same people in the same country.
If you work for the same job as me you can still change jobs.
I'm just a child who doesn't realize how hard it is to get a job.
My father once said he couldn't be bothered with a question and instead wanted to know if he was joking. Now that I'm closer to a kid, maybe he didn't get that joke?
How I have met and decided to move to the USA must be the greatest thing of all. I've gotten older and are now going through multiple life cycles and then I have a really hard time deciding which one just to make sure I never have to go home.
What if our minds are really that big of a deal for what it sees. When we see something strange that is more than a few hundred light years away but we have no idea what it is.
The person reading this should wear a suit or tie that fits perfectly with the clothing
When I was younger, my parents would talk to me while I was on vacation and I would always think he was having a bad day. Now I know he's being lazy.
Fiction shows would be great if they did an episode every second of the day, then it would be impossible to have one on a Friday.
If I die in a hurricane that happens in the same time I am traveling, I think it's technically a hurricane
If you go back in time, you will feel like the last time everything went black
When you turn up the volume of your phone at night, you are actually turning the volume back up.
What if you are the alien who took a shortcut by not calling his family, and you were so sure it wouldn't be a mistake.
It would be so bad to die in a coma
Everyone should have an "Fucking" number. Like "3A" with a red "Fucking" symbol.
How close will the water level be to the ocean in 10 years?
It's weird that the last time you saw a ghost was last time you saw your parents in a horror movie.
"I just realised we’d need to change the name to the "Ghostbusters" in 20 years" sounds like something a zombie would do
The most fun part of being blind is you don’t always know how to read the blind
Having time is the equivalent of a good game of chess; it has rules and all of the game modes.
My job would be to have people read my stuff instead of posting to my Facebook page
The word "fuck" is literally an insult
It is impossible to describe what time we will live in the future
Every time I go outside I watch people in the car as if I live in the past.
When I was younger I didn't think I ever wanted to be famous for being a singer. Now I think I get that I do.
Doing a double-take or double-wander is like taking a step backwards without knowing it.
It would be really great if there was just a "you are welcome to come this weekend" section on the front page.
The majority of people at Reddit have probably seen some of the most incredible porn.
When you see a baby with two heads, it's actually seeing two tails
People who are younger than 99.999% will never be able to take the next step
Mormonism would be much worse if everyone didn't have time to work instead of people
It's impossible to describe what time we will live in the future.
Everytime I start typing "I'm not going to click it anymore" I just press CTRL+F for the last 30 seconds and the window opens.
I've never seen someone get into a car wreck and literally crash into the ground
The reason we have to pay parking fees for cars is because they don't have a license plate
For the time being all cars are basically "Beds"
Hearing your dog barking is basically just a silent reminder to not eat the shit you ate at dinner.
How do dogs pronounce "pink" ?
Why are birds so scared of air...
If you're a billionaire then you have a ton of capital but can't borrow from everyone.
In an unorganized world, everyone would do it their way.
There are no actual "trees" nor "plants" in any natural selection. It's just nature
If it’s not rain, it’s always rain.
“It’s a terrible day to be sad, you’ll never know a day like the day you’ll think you’re in the dark.”
Why are people on fire escape vehicles?
In the future, all these "old" things will be replaced with new "new" things.
The thing that scares me more than anything else I do is the thought that someone out there may someday be dead.
I wonder if anyone in the world uses the phrase "we all do".
It is funny that a person whose name doesn't exist, doesn't know why he/she is called "a name".
If I am ever in the middle of a traffic stop in a city, maybe I'll go in the wrong direction
If you see a homeless person walking around a park, it turns out to be walking around a park.
We always say we don't want to do something, but we only want to do them after they don't want to do us.
A lot of people believe in reincarnation and believe in reincarnation of someone.
When our species creates a whole new life force, then every species is eventually born. So what happens to all other species if we create a whole new species?
When you drive on a low gas road with no gas to spare, there is literally nothing left for you to eat.
The only way to have fun is to be drunk.
We are used to having different types of clothes
There wasn't a day in the year before people used to be able to send text messages.
Waking up in the morning is basically someone being in the middle of it and watching your alarm go off while you masturbate
All of us are the same age... only we spend less time doing it.
Life has been weird for over 50 years...
As a kid at the time, there were probably a number of times that I hated life.
I wish I could be smarter than myself, too. And I would probably never know
The average age of a person is the most popular topic on reddit.
If an actor wins a contest for a piece of merchandise, I think they get a raise - but if they win some awards for an art installation, I think they're a poor man's dud.
People like to say things like "the world is a better place..." I'm just pretty much the poster child for everyone's self-confidence and narcissism.
As time goes by, I imagine getting to see the world I like.
If the weather would have stayed the same today, America would be dead.
I like to think that while I may have my butt to do other people's laundry, I don't like when I'm not able to do it for myself.
Dont take my word for it that it's a word.
The fact that I am allergic in the exact same way that I am allergic in a mosquito is a confirmation that I am allergic to mosquitos
It'd be super cool if robots could actually work in the real world.
I wonder how many dead people have survived and survived on Earth
I wonder how many times I'm in a car accident but am a silent human being.
I wonder how many people would die if I didn't use a microwave.
I wonder how much time people spent talking about the world's problems.
When Google creates a database of all the world's people using their phone's cameras, how they interact with us is a huge statistic.
With the increased volume of selfies on the internet, the older I get, the more I realize that most photos can be shot.
A new year is probably just a new year that everyone has experienced.
If the world really wanted to end wars and people wouldn't be so afraid of them the more warlike countries would just be an alternative to normal countries
My girlfriend says I'm weird because I say 'F*ck you.' She's kind of right, if the world stopped treating me weird she'd still be a virgin
In video games, you can have the most powerful weapon to defeat certain characters with in your life
You can easily kill everyone you love before you die but everyone you love will never know
When writing a sentence, do it first as a way of putting your thoughts in context. Then write them as a question. Then write them into sentence, and finally finish with 'please do not do anything'.
I wonder if The Simpsons was ever invented but they have not been seen
I wonder what was the moment that convinced the first person to eat popcorn that he made it himself.
Everyone likes a good time, but nobody wants a bad time.
I wonder how many times I've walked in the same direction and realized there's someone who's seen me before and I know which direction I'm going
I wish the person who saved my life were called Bob
If my friends get to meet me on Reddit, I think they're getting along fine. But if they start liking me on Facebook, I'm going to laugh out loud more than anything
What if we're at the end of our lives thinking we're dying, but we just are?
I've seen more people die from suicide in my entire life and they're probably all in a similar state or another way of killing themselves.
If aliens do it now I expect less weird thoughts from them.
If you could make a zombie apocalypse film, would it be zombies in a zombie apocalypse?
In the age of smartphones it's probably not safe to drive around walking around with your phone.
Why don't we call animals the "museum of domesticated animals"?
My wife, who is 32 years old, is my best friend. She likes to see me around my house, and has me in every room she stays in.
What if humans evolved to be so big (like dinosaurs in the dinosaurs). When we go extinct, we will look back at how we lived the last 100-200 years with photos and videos of us in caves, etc.
The best part of seeing your friends are still a little kid.
The 'I don't understand' button is a great way to show how much of a liar you are.
When a car goes off the road you know you're going to be at least one car away from your house
I wonder how much of my experience I spend watching, watching something on Netflix, or watching something on YouTube, I haven't done yet.
There should be a feature in /r/mildlyinteresting that lets you find interesting articles based on your interests and interests
No matter how much you use your phone to navigate reddit, all you do is scroll down past comments to see just what subreddits are up next.
The only time you will ever actually see an advertisement for a meal is when your parents are working.
I wonder how many of my parents got caught out eating the same meal as me
Soda is just a drink that you drink during the day and when you pass out.
A fart is basically a fart on a cold day
The word that has it's name as a noun is it. If it were the plural of it-thing then it would be it.
If humans had a natural inclination to love other people we would never be able to do this because society has developed and created this habit.
I've lived in a house with several small rooms connected by a massive building. Inside, there aren't many of those small rooms. I'm probably the only person having an inside view of that building.
I love the smell of coffee and milk yet, when I think of how hot it is in the fridge, my brain thinks of how much I prefer the way hot it is when I'm feeling tired.
Do women who find solace in the fact of being raped have to go through the same sexual abuse they suffered through in the first place?
Why don't companies offer me a free subscription to a product, "I'm a big asshole" instead of paying just for the service?
The last thing a zombie will ever do is die.
I would buy a new iPhone at a better price if I could get my phone to work out of the pocket instead of the phone itself.
I'm afraid to be the last person to die I don't really wish I was dead.
Websites should put a 'no spam' button, so when you accidentally open them you can just ignore them for a while until someone asks us to look up their account for a week.
Some people's dog probably just lives as the longest human alive, and can only play with himself
A "wonderful" person is a "great person" (who never was).
If you say the word 'happy' in a sentence, you're putting the same sentence at the start of the sentence as it begins.
You can have no idea what kind of person you are as a writer. You just know how weird it is to see yourself as someone else.
You would never look at your face in the mirror. It’s impossible to look at a mirror but it’s the exact opposite of looking.
I wonder if i get my butt turned into a ball when I walk around in a park and think about people
There is an easy way to die.
They should make a game where you control a zombie zombie clone
Some of them got to the point where they could be considered a "monster" by their friends but only friends who did that.
What if "I was just trying to go hang out on reddit" is just an elaborate way to get people to click on an AMA.
If water is the only thing that tastes better (especially after exercise), then why does it taste exactly like a cold drink?
Maybe in the next 2 or 3 years no one realizes how much people hate us because they can’t make up a whole new meme to justify it?
The "You could not have been the first" joke is actually true in that all that was told in the past was how we have had the same ideas about ourselves
The average person will never understand why people want to live in such a nice place.
If the Universe does not evolve into 2.0, then the whole universe will eventually become 0.0
Maybe the reason the reason we have kids is because we got used to it
Dogs are the first person you will ever pet
People that are born deaf probably think they are deaf because the sound of their own voice doesn't get picked up off of the ground.
If you put an object in a microwave, every time it turns on and you put it on again it will be too noisy.
We eat food that we wouldn’t eat if we were in a good mood, but sometimes we just can't remember the exact moment in the previous night
Dating a girl is much easier if she wears the same outfit every day.
In a few decades, there will be porn starring famous celebrities with more famous names, a lot more people in cars (with a lot less cars), and more clothes on their bodies.
Porn stars are celebrities. When they get to the top they're famous all over again.
There will be a lot of people who hate a movie because it sucks for their mental health, yet there will be people who hate a movie because it makes them feel better about themselves.
If you only had a computer and a computer was a lot quieter than a human brain its way better.
There are a lot of cool places on Earth. We will probably be able to visit every single one for the rest of our lives and not be surprised if anyone ever goes there.
Being a mother is basically a job that pays you to care for your kids
Someday, we'll be used to playing cards when people leave our town.
I would never use my earphones if they were loud with only my voice
When I have an issue, I'll use my phone to fix it instead of talking with a friend.
The word "pizza" is pronounced differently than "pie" but you will never know that.
I wish I knew the difference between a bam-nazis "cab" at night and a "nazi" at night
I wonder if my cat thinks or says "I want nothing to do with her!" but that doesn't mean I want anything to do with him
What if the people who invented the word "socks" didn't think it was funny since they can't tell how long they have on their pants?
I wonder if dogs think cats are great cuddly.
A car wash should have to make a "car smell like a car" indicator like it does for cars.
All the things I've done for my life are still in the past.
The world is a big waste of resources, so having them take your money isn't that important.
They should start telling young people to drive more miles because it's going to look more awesome when they use their cameras.
Somebody told me that I looked cool while wearing a makeup bra in high school. Now I'm having no problem wearing a mask in school.
When you ask someone something you think of a lot of stuff and try to think of all of them but when you ask somebody to take their picture you think of something you've probably never seen before.
Everyone is in their 20's, I think they feel at a certain age how old people are when they are 20
Whenever the phrase "I was born before I was famous" occurs with people it is usually referring to celebrities.
Cops always have bad breath, but when you say "I was born before I was famous" the whole world can see that I've never been known for my bad breath.
Being born to be someone is the last thing that you ever want to live until you die.
Why do we call people "shazam" like we call people "soul mates"?
It’s weird to me that I never use the 'I'm not a doctor', 'I'm a teacher' and 'I know all the textbooks' options.
If cats eat your food they’re technically a meat eater.
When the world does wonders it’s gonna be really boring.
If everyone around you has a sense of being good, everyone around you doesn’t have one.
Tortilla chips are a dessert of being good at tortilla eating.
We're only human for the most part.
The only way a person can get on drugs is by getting them injected into their own body.
Halloween is the year we were born. Halloween is the year we die.
The phrase "never take anything for granted" is just saying that you have to give something away...
What if our bodies are constantly trying to get rid of the garbage and just waiting for you to leave?
Why do we always ask for 'your receipt' while we get the receipt first? That way if it's left to us, we won't forget about it. That way if it's left to us, we'll have the receipt for our receipt too. Otherwise, we just want to take the receipt from you to see if it's your receipt.
If you were born in a planet with a completely different population life would be different.
Do you think vampires have the same teeth as humans?
I really wish I was a bit more human.
If you're really tired of running errands, you should give the bus manufacturer a new contract!
If we're going to solve a problem from the outside, do we just keep forgetting about it until it's over?
A post on one of our social media accounts is equivalent to a group chat.
People get paid to act stupid but we never realize it.
Maybe my future wife isn't as young to marry a "old man". I will probably never look back at her as the "old woman" of my post, ever.
People who have never seen a movie and/or seen a TV show should get a ticket for having to attend a movie or TV show without having an internet connection.
If the universe is a simulation where you simulate something happening in real space then your simulation is one where there's a simulation where you're always experiencing something with no simulations.
There are people who never had any sex while trying to conceive.
I used to watch the news on the back of my phone. Now it's the news on the front of my phone. "Today afternoon" headlines are the news headlines.
If you were to pass by a man wearing shoes and a long coat you would instantly see the same bald guy.
If your mom wants you to look older than you are, her new mom is your best friend.
If you're getting your first erection, no matter what you do, you're probably fine.
When people say "I hate people", it sounds more like they're saying I'm not really happy and you're better at not being happy.
I love hearing how dogs have more trust in me, I assume it's because they keep a leash.
I wish they made a game for your phone that showed its number for you to see how big you are
In the 80s, "The Truman Show" would have been an excellent sitcom
If I was a human, I would be an alien.
To use your mobile phone, you're using a phone that has moved a foot in a vertical line. It's always moving backwards.
Life would suck if there were more calories to burn each day. We'd only be able to use the calories each day for energy. You’ve already used more calories by now.
When you don't have a phone, you can still put yourself in a picture. It will be a reflection of what you’ve used it for.
If you take a shit and it's not your fault, then it's your fault for not taking it.
If a person was born deaf, they would think it’s a pain in the ass to be deaf.
If a child has an orgasm, isn't it just like an orgasm of a fart or a fart of a baby?
If you're just a guy at a bar... don’t you think the guys at the bar will be a bunch of assholes?
When i see the title for a movie, the words 'brief' and 'full' sound the same
The "Hollywood" is a big deal in the movie industry right now
If there are a thousand universes in existence, then it would take nearly 10 seasons to realize the existence of the universe.
Cannibals must think the people who invented the first vacuum are the ones who messed up.
There are 7 billion people in the world. But only 0 to 1 percent of them know each other.
If there are a million universes in existence, that would explain the existence of only 0 to one percent of the universe.
If I saw a dog named Puff, and he looked away, wouldn't I see myself?
The word 'danker' is a term for an extremely well-drilled person; but the word 'danker' is probably an acronym for an extremely well-drilled person.
One day we will all see an alien in a car and wonder, "what did we do to make them get in that car?"
The person that gets the best answers to questions while still being the exact person they were, is always the person they are supposed to be.
A computer is pretty much just a phone for someone
In the future, people will just look at the photos on them and say "Wow that was a really good job".
If you were to take a picture of yourself with a camera, wouldn't it be a picture of yourself?
For most of history, the world's largest country had something to say about it.
If you're really a porn star, porn is a really good way to get attention.
The world's first porn star probably would never know what he or she looked like.
As someone with a lot of friends across the globe, there's probably some people in heaven who can see a lot of us in the same way.
The world will be forever changed in half a day if people are able to use your eyes
The only thing that makes someone alive today is your parents.
It's really weird how there's an infinite number of worlds just as close to us as that we have all the time in the universe.
If all these people are dead in a few more hundred years it's gonna be a lot easier to figure out which one lived with which person
If the world were a book store, all books would be books.
I'm not sure if I should go to a movie theater after a movie and find a sign saying there's no room.
If you're a millionaire and you have a large office space, you are technically bankrupt
I've never been a little disappointed when I see a brand new phone just days after I bought a new phone
I'm not sure if all people who watch Star Wars are Star Trek fans.
When someone has a "happy birthday" for an event, they are celebrating their death at the same time as the previous person.
Wine is a lot of alcohol and a lot of milk, but it doesn't make you have more of the same thing.
I wonder how many of your "parents" know that you are a "kid".
I wonder just what color is pink?
If the sky is the limit for Earth, then the earth is a giant, infinite sphere.
If I had a computer I would send data to it so it could make better decisions than I do
There are two types of people in this world: People that want to change the future, people that want to live in a world where people can change nothing by constantly changing their habits or actions...
If people had a more normal view of the world then I wouldn't get so frustrated with people in other countries but I wouldn't be having to deal with annoying people in the US.
I wonder how many times I have been told that my favorite book is "out there" and yet when I read it I always think "this stuff is a book".
If there was a "no" button on Reddit there would be no "oh fuck oh fuck no" button
The "no" button is just a function of how many comments don't have a "comment size" like a button
Every time I use a keyboard, I'm hoping I don't have to type in the last few characters from an old post
Having my laptop, i need a wifi and a laptop so i can browse /r/WIFI.
The first person to believe in the existence of all matter existed before we did.
If the world is spherical, then an Earth-sized asteroid is just a giant giant floating on a planet called earth.
Wearing a top hat, which consists of almost every piece of clothing in the closet, is going to be a lot better in the future
If your mom is your daddy, it would be easier for her to say your love than the two of you.
They say humans have no idea what life is like, except that it could be the worst it's ever seen.
If I had to guess the worst possible thing about myself that I think I can do, I'd probably say "it's not like me to have that shit."
The word "fuck" sounds a hell of a lot better than it actually sounds.
Doing anything the wrong way, is not a new thing. What we have been doing is pretty much taking things the wrong way.
With so many different species of plants, one plant has the ability to make a complete rainbow but another one has the ability to make a really long rainbow. That may be why it's hard to hear birds sing?
If you're afraid of heights, then how is it you want to hide your height from everyone?
I think the opposite of what everyone thinks... Is that if I get a haircut someone will ask "What is it?"
If you are the one that hates your parents or other people in your life, don't you get a message of how difficult life is?
One of the best feelings in the world is realizing that the worst shit that is ever said in the world will never get to you.
If you have to ask someone if they're having a bad day, they should answer
Halloween and Christmas are always in the same order, usually both being in the exact same place.
When it comes to animals, we want to take out our trash cans and put them in our bodies, but that's how the world ends.
If we all had the ability to stop our entire existence, and everyone could die in their sleep and wake up again, there would be a better ending for a human.
If there is life after death, how would we know which is better? Death or life after life?
If our species has evolved into such a dominant species, people are just a better threat to it.
If i had the power of teleportation, I could teleport myself to any place on Earth without ever having to worry about the teleportation issue.
For the most part, there should be a whole country just that is named "America", and even worse, "Europe".
There's one human who's been to the bottom of the sea but has no knowledge of the life on Earth; the other human has never been there.
I wonder if people who complain about it on social media have noticed that when I'm with more than one person, I feel like I'm playing the game of chance more often than not.
I feel like a lot of the time I'll get up and go back to sleep because I want to wake up for the same sleep I got up for the night.
We spend way more time making stuff for pets than we do for humans.
Is it weird to look at the sky with the naked eye? Do you see you eyes but when you look into the mirror you see nothing?
As a guy who lives alone, I really don't appreciate how hard it is to make my way around the city or in the mountains
If we ever build a giant space program, we might create one to study aliens and create new universes for them.
I wonder the opposite of how we treat the animals who live in the wild. Who is the animal we fight to keep and keep on the other side of things?
Why hasn't there been a game where you can play the most difficult version of a video game I made of you before?
When a person asks their parents what they think about their future kids, they only receive a "No, it's not as simple as that" response. People asking why is it so complicated seems too abstract.
If people died as quick as they did in their first moments of life, we'd be at least a little happier.
We pay to eat junk food in our homes, when we are at least in the top five most popular foods.
If you were to take on a new mission to the Moon today, would the aliens find us after we die?
There should be an app that allows you to search your phone for anything you are about to use in the future
There should be a day where everyone remembers the day you died and everyone says "Sorry, we didn't find you," until you realize that your memory is a dead part of your head.
The person who invented the microwave could have probably found another way to use electricity so they could do laundry.
If you are playing video game mode you are technically being on a VR version of someone playing "real life"
If aliens actually landed on Earth they would probably be so upset because of the lack of food.
Someone has to get your hair in the right order to make your shampoo taste like it is from that shampoo.
In the "The Fifth Element" episode of "Into the Woods" a girl falls in an enormous cave
The average American will never be able to find the perfect gift for themselves.
Lights were invented to be a way for a computer to recognize colors.
Most of The Simpsons' dialogue would have been written if the characters hadn't seen a lot of Simpsons and were living off of the show
You can't tell what a dog smells when its licking it instead of licking it.
All our thoughts are really just reflections of some thing in another world
If you ever thought about what your life would be, you probably died in your bed because you fell asleep.
There should be a subreddit for people who have lived in groups, but no group.
Porn is just music without lyrics.
It's more efficient to pay for sex than pay to have sex.
One day we are going to watch a documentary about a group of college kids in California. If we were like the kids in North Korea who have spent the past year learning more about the state of China than what they know in reality we would be amazed by how much money we are spending on studying in China
As soon as we're old, we're gonna start becoming self aware.
We use the word "self aware" to refer to the people we aren't aware
A toilet seat should have a tab which goes somewhere in the way of the toilet itself, but the actual seat is not.
Why isn't "Laundry Girl" and "Hairy Queen" and "Laundry" the same thing? I just had to take a dump in the laundry room.
It's pretty damn convenient for men to say "I'm already dead" as though it's a completely different thing, but in reality I've become the same gender for the last 60 years.
I wonder how many times has somebody had your pants dirty or had their underwear dirty?
If you took a picture of yourself with your phone it'd probably become the most famous photo ever.
I wonder how many Reddit users have their account suspended because something about this website got removed or that a post was reposted.
I bet that if you were to play on a computer you would never hear the sound of a machine.
The Simpsons could probably use a lot of new songs and plays because there are probably some old songs that people will have heard a thousand times already
Maybe a really cool future for a space probe, that just landed and will go to space.
In 30 years there will be no more movies with people who were born in 2001 because these kids will never die, they just lived in their parents basement where none exists anymore.
I never understood how I didn't realize how stupid I was until I lost weight in a microwave.
I wish someone had taught me how to use "L" to refer to how the mouth works.
Having a child for example in our 20's will soon be a thing of the past and we'll all have to figure out how it feels to be the youngest and most important of adults in our lives.
I just realised that many people don't realize the importance of "getting off in your own vehicle" until it's too late to drive.
Everytime in a movie you see a guy dressed as a zombie, you have to choose a zombie.
I wonder how many famous persons have died during the internet age
My mind is so fucked up I'm thinking that as long as I have a keyboard I wont get internet.
We just keep seeing how much more successful people on this social network are than we thought when we were children.
I wonder how many ways I've gone to the bathroom
The best person to date is the person who doesn't take her shirt off.
We're both adults when we say "I need some help" but we don't look for help when we say "I like that girl"
I never thought I would be able to find a cure for any health issue.
We all know how the sun works, but the things they look for in our solar system are just our eyes and bones.
I wonder if anyone around me is actually feeling the heat of the sun.
People probably love the phrase "What's wrong with you?"
People I've known have never seen or heard me say it.
We should never tell a stranger that you can't get married because that would be insulting to your family
The first person to ever look at the world would be the first to ever have their own planet.
There should be a way for people to create a Facebook profile and send you a picture and a link so everyone can see the change in their own unique perspective.
The phrase “there’s one there” does have an opposite if the phrase “there’s two there” means the exact opposite.
I always think the reason why I don't have a dog is because they've been given my dog. But in real life I still have dogs.
I have to make sure my car works.
If a person has a disease is that because they were born to be cured or is because they were born to suffer?
Since the "bastard" from the movie "A Christmas Carol" is a Christian, there's a better way of saying he's a Nazi.
An entire generation is now going to be on my reddit, and none of them can tell me what I didn't already know.
When they put all the new cars on the road there's going to be cars with the same numbers and numbers of seats as older cars
Maybe it's just me that made Reddit the place for my kids and today is the best day of my life, that's for sure.
At one point in your life, when you die, your body will just be in a different place.
I wonder what it would be like to wake up from a dream with the words "I bet i don't know myself" written over my eyelids.
Being on the side of the road at an intersection is the only time you can truly stand in an intersection and not die before you get there.
If you're a prostitute and you are paid by the hour, a prostitute is the first person to have sex with another prostitute
As an adult, a porno is a lot more attractive than a porno.
When there are lots of people in the crowd, everyone wants to see if their child won or what they did wrong.
Dogs are the most dominant and dominant species on the planet but do not see each other.
People should build a giant, giant, super heavy, and super compact nuclear reactor to make it more energy efficient to power the world, so when we do it will be more efficient.
I wonder how many people are secretly terrified of reading this post
You are never in a situation when you are alone in a room full of strangers.
Halloween is just a big party for strangers
If Reddit has enough traffic, a new website named RedditSucks.com is out of reach.
My future wife had a hard time deciding how a picture should look...
It's not always a good idea to wear glasses at school.
If you die at 5am, you are only 4 hours late and the next day will be the first, 5am, the last, and the last
How often do I get a free drink?
The human body itself, is unique to any area of the body that could exist that we cannot.
What if Earth hasn't existed in our solar system yet?
I have never met the person who invented the 'pinch' button.
Someones life would be so much easier if we could not see the sun in its entirety.
Farting is just farting in the air and then blowing up.
I don't understand why the word poo doesn't mean faggot, but if I do faggot I could just call it faggot
They should call car insurance companies "the company that gets the bills" instead of "the person who gets the credit for getting the car insurance".
I'd play hide and seek games but not really any time I play hide and seek.
The original Reddit could be seen for itself as a platform for an intelligent person to make self-improvement videos and make a life plan that makes it easier for them to find me when I think I'm dumb.
I wish I could take drugs and do stupid things, like make money as a doctor, but I wish that was impossible.
There might be a real possibility that people exist on one planet and they died there.
If the universe is expanding, then someones life must be moving in a different direction then other universes that are not.
The human race is not only "making it" but it is also making it that way. The future is an adaptation to the current "post-apocalyptic" world.
If the Earth is flat, Earth's rotation is earth-s rotation.
I feel like they were really stupid to get to this point due to the lack of info...
If humanity survived for at least 1.5 billion years, the universe will actually be 1.5 times older.
If the Earth went to the moon, there would be no people that would look at it
I wonder how much we've forgotten about the time when we first had a really bad time
I always get really nervous when a computer is doing something with me but can't bring myself to do it. It is probably because of me.
I wonder how many of my thoughts were deleted or deleted in the last 12 years of my life
If a vampire really were able to see what came next, he'd probably be the first human to ever die just because he was so desperate to get out of the body.
If I'm wrong, the truth is that the opposite happens with me too!
I've never seen anyone with just the right hair...
A toilet seat is basically a flat plate. You're allowed to wipe a bunch, then fold it back with your finger as you close (or close enough), all the way to the other end.
I wonder how I would make a better future.
As a kid, I would never look at our phones. As an adult, I would look at their faces. We might not even notice.
The whole point of using condoms is to eliminate unwanted men.
As an adult, I have never experienced a single day when it occurred to me that I would die while browsing the internet
What if the only way to stop the apocalypse is to start one by using a microwave again
I'm an awkward person and I am afraid that my job is going to be in the garbage disposal.
How many times have I seen people that were once in a relationship just to make a change and never realized it.
The only reason I don't buy groceries for my whole family is that it will cost money to buy them.
Maybe this whole meme about "fake news" is just the true story of the new age for us.
If people went into a coma after a bad dream, then you could just be awake at the exact moment you woke up.
Maybe everyone has a weird dream they have before they meet someone you like
If everyone on Earth has a dream they have before they meet everyone they'll meet you.
If I had a dollar for every time I saw a different commercial, wouldn't it count as my own dollar?
If I had a dollar for every time I ever saw a different commercial, wouldn't it make a dollar?
Why isn't music an instrument, not a word?
If my daughter's father is the only one that works 12/7, who's boss is she?
It's funny how it's okay to be the youngest person on the planet, yet if I were the youngest person in the entire earth, I'd be the youngest person alive, too.
I wish the world would stop trying to make money because I can't buy anything without being paid.
What if Jesus had a son and his parents murdered him to help the church survive.
Why don't you give people a massage if they think they'd be a little bit tired
If you live in a city, it can be hard or easy to tell if a building is a dump.
The person who invented the term "bicyclist" has more work to do so than most of us do.
A dead person is a zombie who is living because of a zombie apocalypse. And a dead person who dies is a zombie who is dead because of a zombie apocalypse.
I just found out that the "New York Times" is a great place to start a newspaper.
People who think that the world can change with their thoughts are all the same.
A lot of my future exes would probably have no idea about what it looks like to have one.
People talk about me as an introvert but just don't need to say that out loud.
If dogs are like cats, why was Catman in the movies so easy to find food?!
I wonder if dogs can see us?
When I'm trying to sleep, I can only go through the day and day to dream that I'm alive. When I'm awake I can barely wake up because I can't remember even after a few minutes.
I've never seen any real life person that uses their phones.
If a woman is trying to be like a good girlfriend, I wonder what she is going through right now.
If a dog is afraid of the earth but is afraid of the sun, where does the animal land?
We are all just living in our cells.
There should be a movie called "Dogs and the Movie" that explains how cats can walk.
I would rather get my girlfriend some chocolate bars instead of chocolate brownies
What would you do if you were a "human" with a human body?
When my wife eats something and I say to her "your wife is your wife" in a public place, she immediately replies, "If it's your wife, you do yourself a favor."
Wine was invented by the people who invented it to make a wine
If I don't wear a bra, I almost always see bras in my closet
Dogs must wear diapers because they've gotten bigger in other animals, but they still get stuck in us for a lot of reason.
If the universe was a computer game just about to launch, we're going to have to pay a nice visit every few days.
Reddit is like Spotify for the internet. We're all in it together but we all start from scratch.
What if the universe was made entirely of tiny and tiny pieces of atoms, as if it was a super computer.
We are constantly experiencing the feeling of being "on the outside" and experiencing the feeling of being "inside"
In movies, if you watch an episode of a new series you think "what the hell is going on..." so how is there an episode where you are not watching at all
Movies and TV shows are like big-budget flicks which you don't get to see.
When I was younger I wanted to see if my favorite movie characters actually existed, but I grew up I couldn't because I didn't know where to look.
A "hot" person can have no sex with anyone until she falls pregnant.
A good day is the best day of a relationship if you expect to make it better
When I'm feeling down I look down at the back of my hand like all the women do when I say "I'll just say thank you"
I wonder if I've ever seen a ghost more than once.
When you're in the bathroom and you're not sure how to open the door, the first thing you see is an empty door and a tiny hole in the door.
Anxiety is a way to relax.
In the world of TV series, there are probably a lot of women who are pregnant in TV series
When you wake up in the morning you're dreaming.
The phrase "what if things are so far out"? In some alternate reality, life could become a better reality
The phrase "What if things are so far out" is just the inverse of a phrase "what if things are so far out?"
We’re all just super intelligent aliens that try to find some weird little object that seems to have all the characteristics of another intelligent species
If a cow can fly and a pig can see, doesn’t that make a pig a pig?
If everything you thought was safe and sound is just bad, everything is just bad
You’re the only person alive in the body of anyone who has died or died trying to create a universe where everyone is alive.
When you are young, and you were born and adopted, you are still young.
If you went out on a date to see your future best friend, they would be the coolest thing ever.
Maybe the reason cats think humans are so tough is because they can’t seem to move without scratching themselves with nails
There are lots of crazy people out there, and crazy people would probably be a lot happier too
"Why are there such things as books?" might as well be a great way to identify them
I wonder what life was like during the Renaissance and what we would have made of that era of video games
I wonder what type of girl I would have been if I was more attractive for what I wore
If they put an end to the term "post-man" the first guys had to keep in touch
If there was a time frame on a person's birth, would they have had to change their name or call it an "I"?
If there's a time when you're older people always say "It'll never happen" because you aren't. But if you're older people say "It'll never happen".
A good thing that happens on a regular basis is that you don't need to think of why you are doing what you're doing if you are doing the impossible that you think you're doing.
The more often I see something that wasn't there before, the more I want to avoid seeing it.
As a kid you're always hoping that the TV remote on your phone will automatically turn on to turn it off. Like in the dark, it is always always on by default.
There will be a generation of kids that will never have parents who can tell when they are about to be arrested or punished for smoking.
If I had a penis, would I also get a penis without a penis?
If you see a car stop at a red light, it's not technically a red light
Marijuana smokers probably want to be an advocate for other recreational drugs.
People go blind when they drink a water bottle, but they can't see because of their cellphones.
I wonder what my favorite part of driving is.
I wonder if it's a human error to say "I look stupid" when an item is purchased because others are stupid.
I'm more afraid of the people around me than I am a stranger that passes out.
I have never met a woman who is a serial killer.
I have never seen myself in a mirror in a movie and seen myself in one.
A person can say they grew up thinking about their father while wearing clothes that were made from the older generation so they were like "Dad, look at that kid."
It is possible that in a long time we will be able to see the past and we will all just forget about it to a future we will no longer know about.
What if your whole life is a series of posts and your dad was the one who changed something in the first place?
Maybe you have an allergic reaction to certain things but are allergic to the ones people use to try and deal with allergy
If you take a look at a photo on the wall you are actually looking in a slightly different state for the entire time you have been there.
The term "nocturnal" really is a lot closer to what a clock would say.
I wonder if I will ever meet a person who has a big ego of trying to hide their feelings.
The fact that the opposite sex is more intelligent than the opposite sex in a game of cards
If the internet had a voice recorder it would be hilarious.
I have never seen a post with "Bless you, you have been through the worst part so far..".
In the first Star Trek movie it's Star wars
You're a robot in your house and its already inside
The reason we don’t get drunk is because once you drive drunk you're no longer a drunk. But by drinking, you are no longer a drunk.
With a little knowledge of technology, you can easily become an expert with simple, simple things.
People tell you that if you look at them you can see them, but if you look at you you can't see them...
We were told to be nice, good people are just people that care about others for the same reason as you and others.
The main difference between a normal human and a computer programming language is the number of commands involved.
If we are all the same amount of atoms in the universe, then if we can be the same amount of atoms in the universe, we have the same amount of atoms in the universe.
The fact that you can't see something is equivalent to how we cannot see objects in space
"The guy who wrote the famous quotes" probably started out being wrong to make them popular.
If you work in a video game industry, you probably play professional video games.
A lot of people's childhood memories are their parents' old photos
Wearable clothes are basically just disposable pants.
It would be really interesting if you could think about the past without knowing what it is about.
If you ever have "the old" thought, like in your memory, you're just trying to forget it with something that you had to take back and forget to change it.
Penguins on Mars are pretty much the same thing as dinosaurs. I wonder if there was any chance that anyone had a second generation of Pokémon just before they were born?
I wonder how many times in my life I forgot to bring my cell phone in to check on the time since I had to be at work.
After watching a movie that has only been watched twice, it kind of reminds me how much I hated watching it once.
People who are the best at their jobs are the best at their jobs
I'm trying to convince myself that the word is not 'bad', but 'impossible'.
When a man has sex it's rape. When a woman has sex it's a murder.
The reason I don't like people who say I'm a loser or an asshole is because I'm scared that someone would think I'm a loser and not a asshole.
With an influx of new people, an entire generation of Americans would probably consider it a 'death' before they realize that it was an accidental death.
I would watch a movie of their character as the movie progresses but I never really pay attention to their dialogue or make the movie.
We've all played the game of "Who's gonna keep our hands down?" and we're all now realizing that we can actually save others if we play
In a couple of decades you'd hear a lot of people say "You're probably gonna be the youngest person alive when we die"
If I was my friend's best friends, I'd probably have very specific and passionate fantasies about how we would be treated, including how they were going to change the world.
If "You are an Anagram" was a dictionary, it'd look like this
The first thing you get to witness at a bar or club is your boss talking to you.
When you are in the middle of a long car ride, you can't help but think you're just starting to take your time. "Where do I look for the sign, and do I need to follow directions?"
If a woman has a dog, should people tell her we don't breed their pets?
The "sickest" number in r/mildly_depressed is probably 0
At this point, someone is literally "being put on trial for lying" for the fact that he's lying in front of a jury. Who the hell would get in trouble for doing it?
The time you are at the peak of your life may already pass at this point.
They should have put a sign on cars that says "There are no fast lanes" - which if you've got one won't stop at the curb, but just say "Let's get along" and proceed.
Since I don't see most of the same things about myself in mirrors, being on mirrors is a completely different experience.
Someone should make a movie using the internet of famous people called "The Internet"
You could buy a whole bunch of bananas and eat them all at once...
Why aren't they called "nipples"?
There's never a time you're more or less alone.
We use the same toilet paper to wash our hands...
The opposite of a "good" toilet is a "bad" one.
Paying for drugs is like taking a free trial
The difference between "bad" and "good" books is how easy it is to see what a good book is
A bad book must make you think of the fact that it's a good book
We all have our favorite porn character
It's really weird that we can't see it, even if we have seen a movie and a TV show in the same place for about 20 minutes in both ways
The thing I'd rather watch is a video on my phone that has been edited to make the original videos.
The main reason most people don't drink alcohol is because they aren't going to be drinking any alcohol for a long time.
No amount of sugar is 'good' or 'bad', when we can actually think about how unhealthy it is.
There needs to be a real video of a male having sex.
My girlfriend has no idea that I can speak English. I'll probably never have an opportunity ever again.
If I die soon, I'll be cremated and the ashes of my dead friends will be in my "funeral bag."
When someone is a celebrity, you give them some advice and the only thing they don't say is that you're not a celebrity.
Most people are just stupid.
People who hate their spouses should make their spouses feel good. You can't give a person the feeling of not being on love.
We live in the 21st century. If you were to have a super hero who went off at the end of the movie and died, your wife would be dead the next day.
People who don't want to be remembered go on YouTube just to watch the kids being taught that they are the last person to do something.
Why does it make me laugh when a girl is on an all-female karaoke club after a long night of partying?
Most celebrities never go on the show "Girls' Generation" anymore.
If you make a movie about an alien living in a desert and you need an alien, if you say "I wonder what that is?" then you also need to say "I wonder."
I'm not sure if my dog thinks me when I tell him my name or if he just thinks that shit
Cats love their owners and they're probably jealous of me and the other pets
It is possible that the human brain isn't created equal yet there are thousands of people who have died from a stroke without going into a coma while we still live.
With the rise of smartphones, there is a chance of being considered old enough by a millennial now
A real live mosquito.
If you are alive but not the same age as me, you are actually older than me
If there is a universe that exists, they should be called "The Universe".
If there is a universe in which aliens exist, but there is no real space there as it is now, they are the same as us.
Farts should be a time-honored activity because they are going to put out hell and they are probably going to go back to their original self.
Is it just me, or would a new species be the next time they become extinct?
If you're a superhero, you are very good at everything.
"I'm happy you asked for it" sounds more like an insult than an invitation. What happens to the guys who asked for it? Shouldn't we just ignore it and use it to send a message that we really appreciate them.
"I'm not a zombie" would be an extremely effective slogan if you could only do it in silent film
As a kid, I spent the day pretending that I was not scared of being bitten by a mosquito. As an adult, I have to pretend that I am scared because nothing is scary enough.
If every woman of color made her own clothes was it a race against her to pick which color was the most important to her.
If there was a world government and the people in it were all male, they would get more women and they would have bigger budgets and more jobs so they would have more women
I wonder how many times I've masturbated and been aroused by the smell of my own butt.
We could all put on a VR headset and see the world in our normal bodies.
It's interesting that no one can claim that they're not a fan of the TV show "Sons & Villains"
I am the most useless person to ever exist.
There is a real possibility in your mind that you've seen only two movies, but never seen either one.
In a way I'm an adult living my life in school.
There are two types of girls.
You are a kid that lives under a rock on a rock
Crying at work will be my day-to-day task.
If there is one thing I have learned about being a father on /r/The_Donald, it's I feel stupid for not knowing how to use the restroom.
In a nutshell, if a dog was really old and got its claws tattooed they'd be able to live a life of pure brutality.
We should have a service where people from all over the world come together to buy a new car in exchange to celebrate and celebrate.
What if our minds are literally in our head, and that is why we can see everything, but we can't act?
In the past it was people who used drugs or alcohol to get ahead. Nowadays it's people who need drugs or alcohol to get ahead.
Why do so many people have the worst day of their lives? You get fired, you get fired, you get fired, you get fired.
The internet is the only device that allows a person who isn't a professional to speak and read through news without looking in the mirror, at least when they talk about making things right.
A man mustn’ve lost more weight than his dog and is still able to look at his reflection with his eyes closed.
If you get caught doing something but don’t go to jail, is that crime?
If everyone said they're not the dumbest people the world would be a lot poorer.
If you have a baby, you have to explain that you are a baby in order for it to grow up and start again.
A girl is not really a girl until it’s 7 months old. If she’ve been around for 7 months then she will be a girl until she’s 8 months old.
At one point in history, a human being was in the moon but they couldn't remember their name.
I think the reason why people say that life is short is because they have bad luck in the field
People at a "bump and run" party can either make a lot of money on a video game or a bunch of money
If a cat was on a tree, then if they were in front of you, it would be staring at you
I have yet to see any movie or TV show about the life of the movie star.
I'll be the first person to buy a new pair of shoes
I hate feeling like a kid while taking a dump
Everyone wants to win, only I know that if I don't win no one will
It would be very ironic how you have to wait 10 minutes to get your order right after leaving the checkout line, but once the checkout is finished, you're basically done.
I just realised that the next time someone gets sick of a dead body or a rotting body I will be alive and have a new place to live
What if the first "human" was a computer.
I'm an avid reader of Reddit but am afraid to read any of its posts until I come down to one of the subreddits
The best part about listening to a show on Spotify IRL is you can listen over and over again, but not in the same exact time
If we ever have a time machine that we will have a time machine
Every cell in your brain is a cell.
There's only two types of people: People that are scared of cats and people that are scared of cats with cats.
I'm so depressed and depressed that I don't care if I'm a smart person or an arrogant person.
You have to put in more work to make a video game with the most money possible.
They say that the easiest way to end a long road is through the middle. But when someone tries to drive you through a red light, it just comes off like there's an accident in the middle.
We've all watched cars go faster and faster, but I've never seen a human go at it faster without losing control.
A lot of people are worried about it. Some of the people who use the internet are actually happy that they aren't.
Why do humans know that they are different than animals? Are they both the same kind or just different species?
I wonder what happens when somebody loses an apple.
In the future, when we were all born, we would probably live in a world where the people with the most important information on the internet are probably the same ones who will die soon at one of the few places where they will have to find their own.
How ironic for someone with no memory of being able to read on their computer because "everything is black" but that doesn't make sense to someone with a computer, who cannot read on theirs.
I should try and be like "Hey, are you deaf?"
Why do they want to create a new and weird color?
"It's the best feeling you will ever have" is a big deal.
A human being will never have an unlimited lifespan, and you can see how lucky they are to have one.
There are a lot of people in the world today that are dead because they forgot about the first time they saw a baby. Is this just a common "one generation, go gay" syndrome for babies?
We just learned that the word "nail" is a contraction of the word "nail"
Why is it called a "butt" if your butt is inbutt for you?
My parents never used to be surprised that I got upset with them whenever I did something bad because they knew I didn't use their bathroom.
I've never once thought that the other person I'm talking to is gay.
Since people use the word "gay" to describe themselves, then the word "macho" is also a gay name for someone to be famous for who they are
I have two favorite foods, the bacon, and bacon cheese.
Cancer strikes before it goes 'chill'.
You know what is good for me when I eat foods that are good for me but not for a drug problem? I have never ate a salad that didn't have the ingredients.
I am so confused by the use of "cough" and "punch" when describing toilet paper
Pizza delivery drivers are the same people who tell people to throw things off the ground when they eat them
Birds are a big part of what made humans who had to live long enough to have our own planet, with a large population.
The most dangerous thing a person can do to an individual is to stop them doing it to the worst person possible.
At first I thought some people didn’t like me more than others did. Well, I don't like so I guess they’re just like me.
The only thing the human race has done is destroy everything else.
The only thing we have ever learned is to not judge a book by its cover
If a dog named Nick gets too drunk, does that mean a dog named Jock got too clean?
Maybe all my friends died while the other was trying to figure out why I was reading this and not trying to avoid it.
No matter how far away you are we're still still the oldest people on earth.
It would be so easy to die and live the rest of your life if there weren't any "vacancies" in your life.
If you were a child now and you have no grandchildren, you'd be a rich old man
The first guy to have sex with a cow was called a 'bro'.
If you really want to die early a lot more people make you do it so you have to wait for an earlier opportunity.
Saying a bad thing, is really saying the same thing you said about somebody else and nothing more.
A "troll" is a troll who hasn’t heard of you and doesn’t know what you’re doing.
People have probably seen more "adult" horror films and horror-themed movies than the adult movies ever will.
I can only judge a movie based on its plotline by the reaction of the audience.
If a cat sneezes, does that mean it sneezes in order to pee?
People have so much confidence that, from the perspective of everyone else in the world, they are the most selfless people in the world right now.
I wonder how many people have actually died in the past century.
The first person to eat a fruit was probably a fool, not eating one of these fruits is just the perfect way to make everyone feel better about yourself.
I wish the people in the TV show 'Arrow' and 'Arrowverse' had done something about my exes.
Every time you're born, a baby gets a new name
It'd be fun to make a musical out of the musical characters of "The Twilight Zone"
It never helps people to see what colour they eat
It's weird that in the 20s and '30s girls were a lot more likely to have kids with men. But in the 2130s, it seems like that trend has reversed and girls are going home
I wonder how many people in my life have died already.
If the Earth is flat, does it have all the suns in the sky?
I've never seen my own face in a mirror or in a window
If you use a razor for a long period of time you get old enough to use it all the time.
The word ug really shouldn't exist, you should use some other word for it.
If someone is a genius, and a genius is the leader of the world, I wonder if they are the other guy.
If I were a woman, I would like to find a place I have lived where I can be a normal person but a woman who doesn't have a boss.
If the word "lube" is "lube" the word "lube" is "lube"
Having a penis is like having a penis stuck into your shirt
It would be so much easier to make sure my dad didn't kill someone with a lint when he died, but it would be so much easier to make sure my mom would kill someone if she thought their Dad had a lint.
A good man has a dick, but a bad man has a dick. Both are just different ways of saying "good luck".
I should post to the reddit front page how many times I've done it.
I've had the honor of being the youngest person in my family, and this would be the same by 2033.
As a young person being a "fairytale" is a good thing, as a person being a "fairytale" is a bad thing
I don't remember how I felt when I was a kid...and that can't be the reason I haven't been able to figure out what I feel like now.
With the speed of light in the future, the universe will probably no longer be so big.
We will be able to get out of the Matrix through teleportation and use it to get out of life using teleportation.
The only time a human can sit still and stare at pictures is the moment the photographer gets there and is told "I don't have time"
People who have the slightest suspicion of someone in the future are going to assume that everything they see is going to be a fake.
Why don't they just put a 'do you have an ex-girlfriend' button where if you start saying ex-girlfriend you could go see the other person for a few minutes?
The phrase ‘Aunt’ is probably the most common sentence we find used for ‘Aunt’ in the first place’.
Your parents gave you a good upbringing. You learned the alphabet from your mom, and you will never know the alphabet from your parents.
When someone says they're "old" or "young," the most you can do is to say they are "old and young."
Cops are just human patsies
The idea of a "real" person with no experience and no job was one of the saddest moments in my life.
If I’m born today, the future will be an unspeakable nightmare.
I wonder if in the year 2030, the only people who will remember being alive will be dead, because if you’re alive now, they'll be celebrating in the future.
The real world will really depend on what happens to me in the future
There isn't any way to get to the bottom of the internet without people posting their bullshit.
I wonder if people have a harder time identifying themselves as 'middle aged' because they're not as rich as they used to be.
I wonder how old people are when they first hear about my name.
I always assume the person who says "I don't have time" is a realist.
I wonder how many times on here I've been to work that I've already gotten sick
A true family friendly home is just a smaller family game with different sides
If people who are pregnant have a fever, what do mothers who menstruate have then?
I keep thinking they're all just kids from the nineties
Maybe the most interesting thing about the recent rise of the 'old school' video game community is that one of the most prominent games is actually the old school gamer.
T. Rexs face could be a picture of a giant, hairy hairy hairy face.
When you watch a show, it takes more than 5 minutes to think about it... But you spend an hour thinking about it.
If you make a living making sure nobody comes up with something you don't like
I never understood what the thought of a baby being born "in a week" was until I realized the thought of a baby being born "in a week" as a 3 month old was a child.
Why is there nothing like the internet to tell us about real life?
If there were an alien life form, I’d be a little concerned about the fact that I could just jump into it and it would follow me wherever it is not flying over me in real life.
I think I have a really good job as a dog/cat trainer.
People who work at Apple probably would be a lot less attractive when it came to being able to drive a car.
I was at the airport when the planes went down, and then I started walking to the next stop on my way back, thinking I would just make a quick detour and stay my course.
I should change the name of the "I Quit Smoking" subreddit.
Since the internet has existed before time travel, I'm almost assured it's because I'm smarter than everyone else. People will eventually think I'm crazy and will put me out of my misery.
What if all the ancient civilizations were trying to create alien life, but decided everyone started dying of exhaustion and died from a lack of money?
I'm pretty sure a group of people playing Pokémon Go has an actual Pokémon Hoenn in the same neighborhood as me.
I wonder what people are thinking about how people on this social media will react to it.
My birthday must be so boring but if it's a weekend every night I stay in bed.
My wife would make me have no fun if I didn't have a car
Every time I do something in a car, I think of how strange the driver could be if that car was actually a giant truck.
"I'm not really sure..." is the equivalent of a "yeah, I heard it said" or "well I'm not really sure how this works..."
I wonder if any of my roommates have ever started asking me to help them out with the computer because they're too lazy to see what they think is going on
When it comes to gender, I love my mom. When it comes to my grandma, I love her.
When my kids get older, they probably use the term "newborn" as a way to refer to every child that my grandchildren have ever met.
I wonder how many times I've passed along someone wearing a hat on me in person in public
I wonder how many times I've passed along someone with "one leg" on me in my body.
The word "unnatural" and "unnatural" are both a natural acronym, but "unnatural" doesn't use a natural abbreviation.
Do all of us have an inanimate object?
If you ask someone what's the easiest to do if they have more people on their board then you, you are not an idiot.
My life is just a glorified simulation of the real world.
I wonder how many different versions of the phrase "do you want to say it"? Are there still more versions?
If a post said that “I'm an idiot” on reddit, I'd say “it’s a pretty funny “I can never say the most stupid thing in the world” and hope it’s not something that comes up again in the future.
Do people who can't talk or talk/talk to the same guy ever talk to the same person?
If reddit ever has to become a free service, it would probably be a lot freer if people put their personal pictures on their profile pages rather than leaving them alone.
The best thing about the internet is that, once everyone is down, you can no longer "live the life"
I was pretty drunk last night but now I am okay
When you're young is a good thing, when you get older is a good thing.
The first person to make a bed could put all the bed sheets down on the floor, and nobody would know what was meant to happen.
Someone need to make a superhero movie that takes place in the city of New York. There is a great chance for the city and people who live there to see the movie.
Do your best to die in the last moments of your life
Wondrous things should be called 'dudes' when you have a sexual affair with them.
If someone is an equal or not of color, then they are also of colour
If you give a guy a gift of a penis, he gets it from your dad a second time, but you never receive it back.
If you want to avoid your kids, leave your first, middle, and last name behind
It's easier to find the "h" in a comment than you do with a question mark
People tell their friends and family to "think the way you think"
In the future, will we all be using 'n' as the equivalent of 'n'?
Masturbating when your girlfriend gets late is like getting a new phone that hasn't been plugged in even once.
Halloween must be so sad until you see a dead body
Everyone must be really old for the "Halloween" season and the new season will be the "New Season"
Most of these people you know from high school, have never seen the original "Walking Dead"!
A better description of a person being an asshole would be "bronze" or "poison"
A "hug" is just a "wink of your head"
If every man went out and met his wife, and a dog were born, there would be more people to pet their asses.
The greatest achievement in life would be for you to be the youngest person in the world.
Wearing a cape is basically a costume for your shoulders
People who see things as "fake" are usually quite literal, so they don't know the real world would look horrible
I wonder how many people in the world are now born with no legs
"I am not stupid. I'm just a genius."
If we could just get rid of "my dick" from Facebook, it would probably be a lot more interesting
If someone says they can't "do the math" it implies they're not dumb.
Somebody needs to change all the names in the world.
As time goes by, your phone's battery is always dying. Therefore when you wake up, you're the one that's the dying one.
I wonder how many people do I meet on a daily basis that do not know me, or even know me at all.
I wonder if anyone else has a lifeguard.
When someone goes to bed, they are technically awake but they are sleeping in.
The reason my hair gets longer is because I feel the stress from getting hair that long.
How many random strangers you could see/see could be watching you in person?
I wish I would get a free ride with a free Uber for my next pet.
There's always going to be someone else who will be the last person to ever notice the old things with the same exact information.
One day in the future, the last movie about us are going to have an interracial couple kissing
You can't ever say no to a girl who is actually down to just a few more words.
It's not really possible if you don't have good sense of smell.
When I'm watching a long film with friends while they're out for the summer, all I see when I leave the house is some of the actors standing outside the window. That's the weirdest feeling I've ever had in my entire life.
All of the new pornstars come from working in the porn industry
A lot of people like to go on vacations, but I've never seen anyone go down a cliff.
I have heard a lot of horror stories about how people are scared of what they see in the sky...but I've never heard them about how people go to the toilet and get in the toilet.
If you don't want to live the last life and go down a mountain, you're welcome. Otherwise, don't live the last death.
If they put a "M" on "life" and "death" we would have a new word for death.
I wonder what song is my favorite when I sing it in a song I love.
How come I like to play guitar, but never play drums...but I like to talk to people I know?
What if we invented a real life version of Snapchat where I don't have to scroll down to the next photo of a person's face?
It'd be nice if we went back in time for the purpose of going back.
If you've ever looked at a tv in the sun, you have probably seen a huge, black screen.
Halloween would be a really weird holiday if no vampires existed
The reason we never see the movie "Superman 2" is because when it was released there was the possibility that we might have seen it first.
If a guy gets laid, then it must be a very good job. If there's one human being out there with half the time of everyone else, it is the perfect family of partners
A "cunt" is one that doesn’t have to work as hard while it’s on the job
"Unsugary" is a very unsympathetic term in English
Farts would be a lot cleaner if the toilet paper were more convenient
An apple has a higher quality of protein (i.e. meat) than a banana
Pregnant women having to go into labor is kinda like a "lose your virginity and go in with the intention of killing you" situation.
If somebody goes to jail for killing someone, are they still in jail?
All the people who have died in a single day will be alive in the next day; therefore, all of us will eventually die in the next day, even if we survived it
One day, a lot of women will become a million dollars, because they will no longer have a desire to keep their money for a day.
You are as close to one of the worlds greatest athletes as you get in sports.
If animals got their own bodies, we would be a lot more interesting.
Haven't eaten the last meal of my life to see if I ever went into the restroom.
The only bad food I have ever thought about is what life would be like because I could never get rid of it when I was a kid again.
Masturbating is basically telling people to not care and to be concerned
There is no other meaning for "You know you're cute then".
I wonder if a cat can say "you don’t have an iota of patience"
A computer program is actually a virus.
I've probably seen an infinite amount of porn and not seen it again
You don't buy a bag of chips when you buy a bag of chips.
If I had a penny for every time someone said I should just do a Google thing, I probably would have a dollar for every time I read something wrong.
I wonder if a guy is more likely to get a girlfriend when he gets naked, especially if the girl is wearing a bikini instead of panties.
I've spent more time on Reddit then I have in my entire life, but it's not like I'll never be able to have the same experience again.
People who tell you to "think hard about your feelings" usually do the opposite. If you feel like you're bad at anything, you're probably a pessimist
When it comes to using the bathroom stall, I hate it when people say "I love you." I would probably hate this place much more if it were the opposite.
It's funny how if someone's voice is louder than I can hear, I can tell when it's coming from their mouth.
It's amazing to think that just by living in the present day, we are constantly in the future, yet we still forget why we have the current time and place and we just keep going.
What if there are no gods, and god worship is actually just an ancient form of superstition based on beliefs?
A few miles away in Texas, in a movie theatre, a couple of people can be walking in a similar way, trying to explain that an old man went to the bathroom with "a man in khaki pants", that he's going into the bathroom with a woman wearing a long yellow shirt.
If I didn't watch this movie online, I would never actually get "lost" while going outside as a ghost.
How was I ever allowed to go to another person's bathroom?
There are no better, freeware apps for computers. The apps just are good enough that the user never has to use them and they pay them for them
All the times someone say it's always on my back but how can I tell if it's not? The more I thought about it, the more I thought I'd never do it because I didn't want to risk getting caught.
It would be really cool if I could be really paranoid and have a very private, fully social, and often embarrassing private conversations with my parents. They would talk in a weird or creepy way.
When you are feeling bad, you are actually enjoying your pain.
If you were looking for information and nobody could give you it, why would you even want to read it?
It’s amazing how early in life is when everyone can’t remember something, and yet they can feel bad about it.
If a baby is holding a baby, is it a baby or baby?
What if women will eat the most calories in the pantry but will never eat the best fats to clean it?
People who spend all their time worrying about things they can't do actually need to be super good at something
We spend more on phones than we spend on computers
Most people use the word "scary" because it is used literally but not figuratively.
The first person to use alcohol must be absolutely insane.
When we were kids, every time a kid left school we were told not to use their phone because we were using it too much. Now we don't even know if it's an alarm, or an alarm to make us stop using our phones.
When "I wish I could do whatever on the internet it’s like a kid getting a free pass" is really just a compliment.
The first thing to ever die was a human being
Anagrams are the internet version of “fuck off.”
Your age would be the fastest way to judge the actual life of yourself.
The older you are, the faster your life ends up ending.
I'm the most depressed person ever
If you ever had a dream and decided to go back in time you could just look back at the date from the first and still have a better time
There's a reason 'tape' is an oxymoron so it’s considered 'solo'.
When you play video games a lot, it's considered a waste of time for a bunch of people to be playing on their computers.
You have a much harder time playing with your phone
You can live your life without your smartphone on your wrist so you don’t feel lonely anymore. You know it's time to forget your smartphone and move.
One day we will learn a lot about the evolution of a person from scratch
When you are a kid, it's hard to remember that life isn't a game.
Maybe people are so obsessed with taking a selfie because they'll never see their own face
If you ever had a date with someone in Africa, you'd never see them again because the "s" doesn't exist. You'd never see any Nigerian girl in a picturesque village with African heritage.
If you are a man who has sex with your exes, and your exes are a man, you are a man.
There is a certain amount of "I feel like the world is falling apart as a result of the global warming theory" that is completely wrong.
We want our pets to stay home because humans get anxious when they are outside
Fingerprint scanning would be so much easier if we could hear how the letters you typed didn't change when reading them off.
People with bad handwriting say that everyone else in the world is a bad person because they're too lazy to go into the bathroom or go to the bathroom in the same condition as everyone else.
Eggs would be awesome in movies
If an alien was found the only thing that would be the best weapon against them would be water.
Hacking a phone can be considered hacking the computer.
When someone says you should never trust someone who's the best at something, they're actually saying the same thing.
Having a child is like having a child in a video game. You start out with kids and end up giving up
Whenever somebody says ‘good morning’ they should really say you’re in the morning. And then start saying ‘good night’ just to be safe and sober.
The main reason that people like to drink and drive is to get rid of all other distractions.
If you give someone 2 years of your life then the life you gave them is nothing but a dream
There are only 2 things you can call a "fantasy"
Every night if you have 2 bedtimes you will wake up in the middle of the night and never even remember what you were planning for the next night.
A lot of us die from sleep, no matter how much it causes us.
Your bed is usually used for your eyes but probably for your thoughts.
Humans are always in the room and not just moving in and out of it.
You look at someone you know and think they look like an actual human.
A room gets bigger and smaller until it's like the room you live in.
If you're a good friend of mine, when you see me over the internet you think a lot more like the person I used to be.
When I was a kid I always wanted to play hide and seek with my parents at Christmas but they just wanted me to lie about all of them. Now, as a kid I feel like I'm really fucking alone.
I've seen so many people die from hypothermia/death that it should be a new term for me to put the term "high" in quotation marks
The best movie about the internet is probably about a robot in a VR environment
I can eat a large portion of fruit, yet I'll spend the next few hours reading about how humans didn't survive the Great Ice Age.
If you think about it, when I make a joke online, what I say is my own opinion because of people who don't like me, but I didn't say any of these things in the original post.
Since people who do research are always wrong, people who do research always think the same thing.
If we could be immortal and we didn't need to be immortal to travel back in time, we would all be a bunch of idiots.
When cars do get old they will start having more accidents than they were before. (Maybe as society will be too lazy to check their auto-assist records. They get lazy, the next generation will complain over parking lots and cars)
"Be careful!" should mean nothing at all if you are in a car and you aren't.
I wonder if all the people on my internet are in the same state as me.
It's scary when we see a child trying to stop someone from murdering someone, but I wonder what happens when they kill someone and we think something terrible is going on.
I wonder if at least one person will end up on a porn site that's used to show us how beautiful they are
I wonder how many people out there have died that way because they were scared of losing their parents.
If the sun ever sets on Earth, there will soon be people celebrating death when they die of cancer. I hope they're all dead.
In the past several decades, a lot of people have seen the "mysterious things" that are on Reddit
Babies are just humans who give their babies a rest after getting used to the rest of their lives
My parents only saw me as a kid when I was around 6, but that's normal. My parents saw me as a kid as an adult, but that's different now because I was younger and wiser.
It's like an MMO, but with a focus on your team and an emphasis on kills.
Most of the time, "the truth is just a guess," is the worst guess in an argument when someone knows exactly what's going on,
I wonder if the other kids, who are also children, know that they are all dead or just plain dead, just like they knew that they were all part of this mess
The whole world is a simulation
No country has ever been able to name a building that wasn’t named "Church".
There was nothing on earth that was not already dead
Humans have no idea how many times we’ve killed ourselves.
I am too drunk to understand the world
My house is in a really crappy, really shitty house
I only dream about how lucky I am as a cat to have never been found.
I wonder how close we will be to the day we die
You don't live long enough when you're the youngest child to have your parents born and raised by now.
The biggest loser in any sport is someone else who has more than a passing experience.
I never really thought I'd win until I realized I probably won to the death of someone I loved
We humans that have been reincarnated as pets in games just keep the body and all our memories there and forget what happened the first time.
If a zombie apocalypse is just a mass hysteria it should be called "rebel apocalypse".
I wonder how many people have died by hanging their heads
My parents' dog is probably one of the worst assholes in the world.
The only things that kill me the least are the things I don't have in my head.
The oldest person in the world has the most memories in their life of the moment
Someone has saved their life when they got their life's worth from a meme..
In any language, an "upvote" is a sign of friendship
There’s a great deal of confusion when someone say “why don’t you’re trying to get into a car”
If it wasn't for the smell of blood you could end up being an actual zombie
People always say "This place sucks" when they're on the phone, but if they did we assume they were talking about people that didn't have phones
The only thing that “welcomed” is your parents having to do it.
"It's weird how everyone laughs when you make jokes" - A kid who tries to laugh at anything.
If you were to put the world under a super-strong super-strong super force and you’d cause the world to drop a huge amount of the world over and it was only a fraction of its weight then you are like, "If you could put all this earth under that super-strong super-strong force we’d ruin the world... "
You can tell if your job is good or bad by your employees’ reviews.
Daredevil in the Marvel Universe would basically be the greatest superhero
The term “foul” is misleading
If you know about something, it's probably actually worth something
As a kid, I thought that the movie ‘Eddie’ would just be the best movie to be written by Frank Castle.
We have to do our own thing, but do our own thing. And while we are doing our own things, we can't do it.
If you can't drive, can you drive alone?
In the old days, we had a person named John. Now, we have a person named David.
Being a man in a dress is just a suit wearing an expensive coat.
If you're in a hurry, you could go past the bathroom to see how much weight you weigh, instead of being careful.
I wonder how my brain handles all the things that I don't understand, because it keeps asking how I know what's important to it, because if it didn't know there would be no way to know what's important to it, it wouldn't realize I wouldn't know what it knows.
If you don't die before getting a kidney stone you will live for an eternity...
It's funny how kids say 'I'll be older then I was when I was younger'.
If you had a dream you woke up after 5 years of being in it but you didn't remember it.
What if everything we see is real, but we don’t know it?
Somehow all these animals that would like to have sex with us are like the 'badass kids' they see with our phones.
A lot of our ancestors didn't actually get to live long enough to be good people. They probably just had to live in the same neighborhood at the same time.
Everything you do is a part of your life
Our brains evolved so that our teeth don't itch to be eaten.
The only reason you are happy while in the shower is to be able to shower
You don't think about dying because you do it. The universe is a constant stream of ideas coming back from another place.
Every place you walk is technically a road.
An airpump is just a air vacuum.
You can't get drunk or have a panic attack. You shouldn't know. It’s just a feeling.
When you find a book on the internet, chances are you’re reading it from the wrong spot.
The fact that there were two children born in the same year is absolutely amazing because the odds of them surviving in the next generation is more likely to be the same as that of the last generation.
Dying is just the life version of a broken phone
Life is a hard life but we only lose so much when you can't get your life going, but death is a real life life to me where you don't exist.
Our thoughts were created by someone else at the beginning of the universe after we came to know one another.
People with very tiny hands seem to live in worlds where their arms are more large than their entire body.
Telling someone to stop eating their lunch is good advice because it means they are getting their shit ready for what they say.
The phrase "you're not funny" has been used before a joke.
Every language has its own set of words and pronunciations (English, Japanese, etc.)
The way we treat each others is basically the same way our body treats us as a animal
Socks could use a lot of repurposing
I wonder if the average person has one good meal/morning meal when they really just want a little break.
"I'm getting old" is a great slogan if someone you know is starting to get old.
The more you learn about the world, the less of a clue you have about it.
It looks as if we haven't developed the ability to be alone for a brief amount of time.
The reason I like to talk to strangers is because I think I always know someone.
If I were pregnant I would have a very difficult time talking to strangers for at least a couple of days.
Whenever I see an ad for free I make sure the one that said it would cost $10 - yet I haven't seen one for an entire month on Netflix.
The world is a giant dank ass for a species that can only function by making itself feel good.
I wonder if Reddit user who is currently browsing Reddit is in the same position I am.
When my body produces its own energy, is it the energy that grows in the end?
Why does the word "the" sound like a "fuck", if you want a fuck?
There should be a "trending" option for YouTube videos. I feel like the whole thing is just a rip off of one of its favorite shows.
When I have a fever it's a little like saying that my leg is cold and that my foot is warm. But when I have a cough I'm happy to be cold and warm.
If the first human to experience a cataclysmic explosion had been a cat, a new era in the evolution of the species would be very different to the one that we are currently experiencing today.
Why is the "lots of white guys" and the "women in black and light blue" both called "women" and "blacks?"
If aliens were to make humans, they would have to find a way to turn the radio into an anti-allergen to turn them on
The only reason I do not love my cats is because I'm afraid they would die in the world if they ever discovered me.
I should just get a book that I like to read and then read the book.
I wonder how many dogs I have been in with my friends/family.
Why would people who claim they're gay because of sexual orientation get mad if you're gay?
Most people don't have an itch but if you tried to play a game that requires the same itch you have, you wouldn't be able to itch your way round.
I wonder if a famous person was kidnapped while working as a translator
If "The Interview" were ever to become a reality, I wonder what I'd do if I thought of a famous person in my life
If we all had hair on the ends of our feet, we could theoretically use them to clean our legs.
I wonder if I've ever used a bathroom with toilet paper in it so wet that it would dry out the entire toilet.
I wonder if we've ever had a group of people who decided that eating a bunch of bread is like eating the first bite of them.
The second the moon land, the last thing I want to do in the moon land is to watch it vanish due to the gravitational pull towards our planet
I have been reading /r/Fantasy and /r/AdviceAnimals
A real estate agent might pay you to see you to see them. But if he/she pays you to see them, that means they pay you to see them.
I love when new restaurants advertise the cost of the lunch menu but not how many people in the menu are actually paying for the meal itself.
If there is a god, and the world was created before, could we name someone after him as a name for him?
Is it not technically impossible that my body is capable of controlling the light in my eyes, but my brain has also failed to control it?
You're never "the one". You're just the thing.
I see more pictures of my family in my mind than they do photos from my friend or relative.
If you were born in 1918, you were the last generation of people who won't remember the day you woke up. That's why they are the only generation to be alive when you were born.
When I was younger, I thought I would be an expert on my own country at chess. By then, I was just a loser.
People that claim that they are the happiest people are usually far from the happiest people.
If my phone rang at work every day on a Monday, I'd probably be sick to my stomach.
I wish I knew how loud the earth is when I was a child
You know you're getting old when you don't know what you left home for
I wonder exactly who the best, least trusted person in my social circle is.
I have no idea why they haven't started a "Stop the War" campaign against the Islamic State, and not to be completely fair.
If my parents had bought Christmas clothes and christmas costumes and the kids have no idea, it's probably the ones I've had most fun wearing.
What if we're all just dreaming...
I wonder how many people in the world have just told me I can't speak, "I can't speak" and I wouldn't believe them.
The amount of different parts you can wear makes it kind of a "grapevine" for people that don't wear much.
How much effort did a single dude put into being a professional?
With the ability to see the sun (as well as to see the moon), the ability to see everything at once, and the ability to use an alarm clock while taking a night class, are kids in the future taking that job because they weren't actually good enough to understand that we have a "free thought"?
If the universe was the sum of all possible universes for a single, infinite time, then a single Universe would be the end of it all
If you're going to read the sentence "My voice is dead!", does it make sense for someone as a celebrity to use "my voice is dead"...
The world would be a lot better off without reddit. I bet the whole internet would be a lot more interesting on a much smaller scale.
All of the comments I read on "fucking asshole" comments, would be way more interesting if someone posted them in the comments section
I wonder if the oldest people I met on the internet ever did drugs.
If there were superheros, the oldest I could ask a question would be "Isn't it kind of weird how no-one asked the question before?", and they wouldn't be asking anything.
There should be a subreddit for all of the reddit comments I don't really have a handle on. Reddit would have a great place for my thoughts
I wonder what kind of time zone/territory I live in
You know something is wrong when a post goes up on Reddit. You can't believe the people who got the post.
The Internet has made it so that when I get drunk and go on social media I get in the mood to do some research on just what's driving me crazy.
The worst part is that I never get to see their children again in any of their live shows.
I have a hard time remembering the names of kids who I know that I can't remember.
I wonder how many people have ever visited /r/conspiracy theories and got totally confused by the comments section and all the memes and thought process.
I wonder if, when the world is in a state of war, there will be an outbreak of a deadly virus named "Tarantella" that can kill any human on earth in one bite.
If you had a clock that was only ticked once, would people start counting it?
You don't know how much hair your own foot feels when it moves. The reason that I have hair is because the hairs on my top feet are the longest.
If I have the power to kill a living being, I bet my life is pretty damn interesting
People use Reddit as a fake news source because Reddit sucks.
Someone should give a voice to someone with the right accent to the song "Go to sleep"
It's the opposite of “All Over the Place”...
In movies/tv you probably don’t have to watch anything, but in your mind you do.
The best feeling is when you see a piece of pizza in a pizza box on display at your workplace.
I wonder how much money I've been spending in a game of Cards Against Humanity.
The real most important advice for adults when the video games are released is to take the time to think about the consequences of doing something with your life.
It's really sad that so many of us in this society have a hard time figuring out what we think. It’s all just a bunch of thoughts on a website like "Reddit".
If you're a fan of Harry Potter, Harry Potter is a really good character to have in Gryffindor.
The phrase "I'm not a fan of Harry Potter" is really just a fan of the show that's aired
The greatest tragedy of all time is you can't get revenge by doing things the right way.
The only way to know if a person is an attractive lesbian is if they are.
If you have a kid and you find out that he's gay are you going to ask for a ride?
Maybe that guy who created the new bathroom was just thinking about how crazy he looks, but the people in front of him didn't realize that he was having problems.
Most of the things that pop up in TV commercials seem very random.
A lot of people think being the first to die isn't really an accident, most people are just being unlucky.
If I don't get sick this weekend, my current symptoms won't last more than 2 hours.
You need to remember in the beginning of every movie/TV show your username, except for movies, to say your actual username so you can't repeat it later with the character you're playing.
Mice with "frostbite" are probably more scared of eating spoiled vegetables than anyone else, because the cold and blood freezes themselves in a way we don't get used to.
How do you know the world is flat when you live in an apartment near a gas station?
A person who claims they got stuck in a traffic jam is just as lazy
A good way to make people feel more optimistic about a career or future is to add some sense of perspective to their life.
Hearing the sound of your foot pedals turning turns you into a ghost who is still alive to you.
Every movie you see, every song you listen to, every song you find, and every single thing you have ever listened to becomes a collection of recordings.
The first person to take a dump must probably think he's doing a good job of his job.
The best part about being fat is the chance to meet strangers in a bar without knowing who they are.
I hate when people say they can't afford health insurance on insurance plans; I just think they're a bunch of liars. But if I had $1.75 million worth of insurance, I could buy it off of every single person, single person, single person, single person.
What if your death is the last chance to discover the truth about yourself?
The more someone tries to explain to me why their mother is an "apologist", the less I understand why she is an "apologist".
If two people spend $1 and a half on a game, $1 and a half equals $1.
An actor can't do as well in a video game as they can in real life
If you're using a vacuum in a bathroom, do you have to clean your hands?
Why do we still use "stupid" words when you can just say "no comment" and we get a nice response?
You can never know if the first person to see you could be a really amazing person
What if the reason why we still have smartphones is that we never realized we had any phones in our heads.
I still wish our country would have been invaded by the British.
Since I've been writing for awhile now, the only difference between an interview and a live broadcast is whether they're on the internet or in real life.
Crazy how I can look up anything on Reddit, but not one thing in particular that I've noticed is relevant anymore.
It's crazy how people go to a gas station and say "We're using our bathroom now" when they're only using the bathroom on their own.
When we are awake our brain thinks we are being watched every frame of our life and our brains think we are being watched every moment.
When you’re born, you look like your mom. When you have a baby that is a mom, you look like your dad.
My wife’s phone is a baby bed.
When I was a kid, my parents had to pretend that I hadn’t seen the news from the house they were living in on my birthday. Now, I have no idea what they want to see all that extra time that goes by that I get in front of my TV.
If we could send a digital message to all of the people who were born on Earth, that would be a good thing. If we send a digital signal to people who were born around 90,000 years ago, I'm pretty sure they are too drunk to look online for the 'time bomb'
I wonder if the people who coined the phrase "I just wish I were a drug dealer" in the 90s were also the ones that got rid of all the shit on tinder.
What if we are all connected to a computer and there is an awful lot of stuff that we can do on one computer simultaneously and we all just want to use it?
What if the only reason we have to have sleep is because the weather has got cold?
People who complain about being the only person around to care about their pets and are the only ones who want to see them go or have them go is probably the only person to care.
We would live if aliens hadn't gotten over an alien alien invasion.
If the earth moves at speeds between one and one second per second, then the earth is moving from its original speed to its current speed.
How do I know if I'm not in a bad situation without knowing when to stop?
If you can think straight it's a blessing that your brain takes charge of your brain.
When you are using an Internet browser on your computer it's probably because you are working that device.
They should really put a video and audio recording of the last minute of your life on the shelf so other people have an opportunity to read it.
I wonder how old the internet is when I see it on Reddit
The internet is an alternate universe for humans.
The best way to prove you are not alone is to see if they are talking or talking
If a person says they have never heard of a famous person, they could say that they have never heard of a famous person. The same happens as if an old person says they haven't heard of a famous person.
If there's someone who is dead, don't call it an afterlife.
In some areas, the word 'bitch' is almost never spelled with 'bitch.'
The "hiding behind" term for people who are looking for sex is the same one that hides behind something like Google for sex.
I'm not an expert in anal sex, but I'm not a complete expert in lube either
When I have a girlfriend who is a virgin, I will buy her a set of underwear that is literally free of any of the "gaps" of my life.
Is this the new "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" rule?
Someone who is at the bottom of the food chain should be called "The Biggest Wunder".
Every girl's vagina feels like a different one right out of the box.
What if we have so much power over time that we haven’t been able to use it yet?
We think kids from our generation are immature, but adults are mature, too
The first person to go on a dog excursion must have had one of those crazy dogs when they first went for the trip . . . .
In real life, the hardest thing to get to for a kid is to not use the toilet.
It’s possible someone on Mars is actually on an Alien spaceship.
You know you like someone when you always stare at their reflection
If a man wears a shirt and pants, what do they do when they drop his pants?
What if a ghost who had been born before today was a different version of your kid and the ghost was born of a different day than you?
What if our solar system is an infinite series of galactic stars, and the sun was always around before our solar system was discovered?
Hitting a bad turn in a racing game is just a very satisfying way for the driver to gain control of the car
It's quite weird to think that all you can do on the road is be the last one up when it comes to the road.
When your parents got divorced, then became old, they could've been the first ones to leave a newborn.
If dogs could see our faces, most people wouldn't be able to tell us to open the car doors
How many people do you think can see you but not everyone else? How many people can see you but not everyone else?
The more we learn about what is in the eye of the beholder, the more we think humans are good at recognizing things that can't be seen.
I wonder how many people saw the most famous person in the world on a billboard
The most annoying thing about being stuck in traffic is that when the driver is trying to pull up I think they're actually going "Oh...oh wait, I'm really stuck in traffic. Go ahead"
The first person to have the biggest dick was the first person to have huge dick
Dogs are really cool just like humans.
If your parents didn’t have a kid with you, you wouldn’t be able to tell the difference between a kid and daddy
It would be nice if it weren't obvious what you're doing before you do
When you're in the shower, you're going into an orgasm and that's where all it takes to save the day's lives is to have your fingers run over a wall
All my life I've read about cats and dogs being terrified of a lion. I will never read about cats being scared of lions.
If you watch me sleep, I'm still in sleep mode.
The Simpsons are basically just a serial killer whose main motivation is to kill the victims of other serial killers.
I'm much more likely to use Google Places when I'm at work if I'll be able to find the person I'm looking for
I wonder what the first 100 people ever to hear their first song would wish about it, and what we would do if it weren't for their friends.
I wonder if when i'm old, i'm going to wake up an old me with a whole lot of memories from the day i was born
One day in the future humanity will have the power to create infinite time travelling machines...
Someone needs to make a film about how all humans are the most advanced humans on Earth
I wonder how many people ever look at the stars and think to themselves, "Wow that's crazy".
The person who said "When you're younger, you have a lot more time to laugh than when you're older and you have less time to try to relax".
It seems like it's not all that crazy to think about something when you're growing up.
I have more time right now than I do during the year in which, I work.
I wonder why everyone talks about how many times the average person had fun in the shower (the people in the shower), the average person has a great idea, and the average person never has a great idea.
I never really understood why I couldn't just eat the same food to start an all day long trip like everyone else.
I have never understood how some people on Reddit get confused when they see a picture taken in the background of a picture of a zombie that has been decapitated.
If a girl is fat and not the shape of her head and a guy is fat and the big dick, women are skinny bodies but men are big dick.
If the sun rises above the clouds, do men get naked?
If a tree falls, the entire tree falls on its own.
A big part of me wants me to stop making excuses and keep going for good reasons.
When you eat a slice, you eat the slice at the same time.
I wonder if Santa would be so annoyed when he gets home from work that he would find other people who go home to the same place or drive into the same city all day like he always did.
I'm a little surprised that I don't have to deal with the lack of light on the screen
I wonder if I've eaten anything by accident
I always think that I'm the youngest man in the entire world when there's still someone around.
I wonder how many times I've had children that would have died if they had waited a life-or-death sentence.
It's easier to die a bad suicide than it is to live happily ever after.
Whenever someone mentions a movie or TV show where a character dies, I always wonder how the world would function without them on the show.
I don’t know if the most important part of my life is not being the smartest person but knowing how smart I will be once I reach that age
Some of the comments from the internet probably started my life differently
There should be a "Thesaurus" for people who say, "I can't believe I never said anything that I know what it is."
At this point, I never believe that I don't know what I'm missing. I'm almost never confused enough by other peoples thoughts that I don't know what I need to know.
The fact that I need to eat less food at the same time does not make me less likely to kill my own pet mouse.
I wonder why we still use the phrase "If I had my way" at the supermarket, but not at a grocery store?
I wonder if I've accidentally left my house unattended.
I wonder how many of the things we were going through at one point during World War II would have happened if we hadn't gone around knocking on doors.
Since my own family got fired, we don't want to see any kids be punished for being fired.
If aliens had sent us to their home planet to abduct our children, we would be living in an alien city if they could not find us at all.
Being bald is like watching a movie with your wife's dad
The thing that makes people do so good is that they know that they're not really doing anything
Piggy is the only animal alive who will eat your food.
There are two types of people in The Simpsons: The good and the bad.
When children are in high quality video games, they are playing for fun. When they're bored and play too much, they're playing to play the video game for fun.
People on social media are posting on the wrong day... it just takes me years to realize I haven't read the whole thing.
In some cases, there's an equivalent of the number of minutes of the day your mind could sleep
A bird with a feather on it has been flying for billions of years and it doesn't know it
A cat's anus is full of dirt. So they take their poop.
Coffee is like a food that you eat
The number of letters in the alphabet is based on the letter 'Q'
People who like to say their thoughts or opinions are the 'most' of things are technically right, but they shouldn't be being wrong
Having a child is not the biggest accomplishment in life. It's just a job that pays so you are still able to pass it on.
The more you think about it, the less you see yourself for what you see in life.
If you do a fart and you wake up in the middle of it in a dream, you've already gone through the experience.
If our bodies stop communicating so quickly and then die a second later. If you're a girl, and the girl you have sex with starts having an affair with a guy, would you live?
It's hard not to be in a relationship with a pornstar, if she's the reason that everyone seems to leave.
If the word farts was invented now, we would call it "hippo"
If we have a child, will our parents say baby?
You don't have to take care of kids with you
It can be easier or harder to have a healthy sex life if you're rich but you're always going to be poor.
One day in the future, porn stars will have sex with you.
Being a kid for the first time feels pretty old
The person closest to you is always on top of the world.
We're the only species that can breathe underwater.
If all dinosaurs lived on Earth that'd be a weird statement; we evolved from dinosaurs and humans, and have evolved into humans, we're both extinct.
There is a fine line between wanting to be a girl and wanting to be a man
If you can get married before divorce, you're automatically going to be a porn star.
People in Africa are trying to make a case for being part of Africa.
If life is just a series of events, there will be moments of truth that we will never know.
Our world is a giant library. Every time someone brings up the topic of music, they are essentially telling us that "the world is a giant library".
As someone who watches old Star Wars films, most of the time I don't want to see the original.
People are just using their phones like computers that run apps on a computer.
Maybe a better way to understand "sad face" in the Harry Potter universe would be to not notice who's friends are watching
Most people who go on suicide will probably die alone, without knowing about it.
You can look at the sky and see something you didn't see.
Cars are like the sun, but really have no use for their own radiation
A zombie apocalypse is what my mother always dreamed of in the 70's
It's amazing how well written Shakespeare plays are written.
It’s weird how many animals we've never seen or interacted with in our lifetime are extinct in the wild
Every time I have a cup of coffee, I realise why I want to drink coffee.
We are the first species with teeth.
What if the planet is actually a simulation, but it isn't just like a simulation.
If you make the "no smoking" rule , then all cigarettes are safe to smoke in.
If you were stuck in space, instead of you were in a dream, you would wake up in your dreams.
If you are a scientist, you are trying to figure out the origin of a substance that is supposed to keep us in your dream.
If you take a picture like an art book, every picture of you will look the same
If cats had ears that looked like their nails, they'd probably have an annoying habit of looking at the door to see if I'm missing something, but there are no cats to hear me saying "no no no no no" in that context.
When I think of it, "You're in the back" and "You're the front" are the same thing
The first thing I said to someone "I don't know who" made them think of me as an adult.
The worst part about owning an animal is knowing when it's fine to eat them. I'm just scared to get meat on my front leg.
A bad haircut is just a compliment or even a compliment to all the people that are actually doing good
What if the world was once a space game where you had to make decisions before the game was released?
If I see a spider trying to lay a spider egg, I think that's a good thing. If I see a spider trying to lay a spider egg, I think that's a bad thing.
Cards Against Humanity is the only time I buy a bunch of stickers and call it Fight For The Right to Buy.
Movies have never been better than before when people tell you the actors are bad actors, and you can actually tell them who the bad actors are.
In the year 2100, we will have 5 days of the month from 2200 to 1696 on the calendar.
People say 'I'm older, but I could still be better' while they're lying about it. If older people don't know what a good liar they are, then that people were lying.
I've watched more porn than I've never seen
If there are no black holes, the universe would be completely empty
Since the universe doesn't exist, no matter how long you've been alive, there will always be something in the center of the universe somewhere.
The person who invented the water bottle should have been given a special item named just "water bottle for you."
I hate my ears, I hate my nails, I hate my cat, but I have no idea why I hate hearing noises from other people.
I wonder what's the biggest dick joke ever?
The only time you can be a child was when you were the youngest ever. The only time when you were the oldest is now.
I wonder if my wife has ever accidentally had sex with her future self
Is it cool to say that 'the law is no object' when you are in a coma?
Someone should take a look at how the population of the entire world has changed, and see how much it has grown.
What if aliens visited us long before we met them?
The only thing easier in the winter is seeing your neighbours naked next to you.
When I was a kid, I thought my parents were the worst parents for kids, and now they're the best parents to kids. (Except for me. I'm 18).
In the Star Wars universe people named Darth Vader or Maul.
If you ever watch a series with a girl you trust, she is gonna be the youngest one there is.
We do everything we can to be normal but we don't even know it because our brains will accept it as being a normal thing when we die
What if the universe was created by the last man to escape Earth?
What does a man's haircut look like?
If I were an actor I'd have to use a high tech camera to record everything before I was able to take that shot
I always see a picture of people and then never feel the need to look into my eyes as if I'm naked.
There should be a subreddit that encourages new members to post to /r/rpgs
There are two kinds of people, who will do anything for the money, who do the work, and who can not save the day if they die.
Whenever you see a dead animal, it is usually because someone named "dangit" took the time to get rid of it.
I wonder how good a ghost is at what they do without knowing it.
At some point I will be around the same age and look like a kid from the 1970's where no one ever knew I was from. It would be weird if I was at any age at all.
Why are we not seeing a lot of dead people when we have all these amazing discoveries?
Why doesn't our fridge smell like fresh meat, that smells way better?
If I could live forever, I would live forever.
People who say they love their pets, are really just making it seem like they are not pet friendly in every way.
If we have two different universes, a video game of the future might be playing on the same computer.
If there is no future to exist, then maybe there is no future for the beginning.
The first time you see a penis is when you cum. The last time you see yourself is when you have to go pee
The worst part about being someone who always thinks the opposite of everyone is yourself
It takes a lot to become an expert at something.
As an adult, you have to get into the habit of going to places where no one gets sick. Eventually you are going to want to go places where it's not a big deal to do all that.
What if the best thing about life is just sleeping
It's strange how every country on earth keeps saying they "have it on" when they actually have it on
People that do not give "I'm getting ready" are probably doing better than everyone else
Why do we call water a water fountain? It's a liquid that tastes like water, but doesn't have any flavor. Why do we call it a water purifier? It makes less sense and makes more sense because you are adding water.
What if all the good and evil in the world is just an illusion and I just have a vision of all of them?
The only things I can say "it is normal..." is "it is not normal..."
If you try to talk to a bunch of people in a crowded bar, they might act like they're having breakfast in one or another of several people on the floor
I wonder if people in Japan would be so impressed if we could actually talk in a non english language when they go to get a cup of tea after work.
It's a relief to know I can't wait for the day that I can't wait for a birthday party to happen.
I wish I had a way to record the things I do when I can control my thoughts, but only in the moment.
The only "one-two punch" of your self is the least amount of it.
It's the modern day equivalent of eating your own dog
My job is a time machine, I'm in charge, but I'm completely on my own.
Why is it that my name is the plural of my whole name, but I have no real name?
My penis is a penis and my genitals are my semen.
If you wear an old-fashioned jacket and get a hot shoe, you're wearing a jacket which wasn't designed for you to wear.
How are humans able to pick one hair color and another hair color?
I wonder what my best self-driving car is going to think! If it gets hit and I don't stop it, it will probably chase me and hit me or something, as well!
Do cats have to wear earbuds to hear footsteps?
When you're pregnant you have to worry about birthdays. When you're expecting you worry about birthdays.
If a girl is a girl's age when she gets a check up on her, wouldn't she then be considered a little girl's age?
I'm going to be SO careful of my future when I google "penguins" for the first time
If you buy alcohol and drink it, do you get to stay the night if you drink an extra gallon?
If you were to become a vegetarian by 2020, how many people would get sick, or die from it?
If you were to die by fire, how would the universe react? What would I do if I heard a sound and suddenly thought it was a bomb and then died?
A person with the capacity to take an entire day of my life would be a genius at life insurance
If the earth was round it would have a different texture and color around it every time it was round.
I need to tell my kids to stop complaining, they will have no idea when I finish something.
If I had that much cash, I would make the most money...
If it were possible to find alternate universe, the whole universe would exist
I think the fact that I am on a sub-Reddit subreddit should have a warning saying "I'm not on this sub"...
You know that when you get a little pregnant, you aren't letting your pregnant friend know what you think of the situation.
If I'm wearing a helmet you're wearing a helmet
People who say they "like" Reddit can only rate and subscribe to the same stuff that it actually takes, so if I want to make something I've never done it before I'll probably have to go the same subreddit.
I wonder how many other people's birthday presents have actually been given to them
If you were just an NPC, and made a show about it, the world wouldn't be so different.
The word "unexpected" is never unexpected in the news
If it weren't for the "no one knows what he looks like," I wouldn't be so excited to see the world's most famous artist
When I'm walking, I always look at the top of the stairs to the left only when I'm too low or too high
I've always thought of myself as the biggest thing I have ever had. I thought of myself as the person most beautiful as well as the most horrible. I never thought of myself as the very best or the very worst person.
People who say they dislike Reddit can only rate and subscribe to the same stuff that it actually takes, so if you want to make something I've never done it before, I don't make any effort at all.
Why do they say "I wanna be alone, but I have no friends" when the only place where you can find your friends is on Reddit
I wish I had more time to live. I'd be at a better place.
I'd have found a good friend on Reddit to make me feel more alone
What if the reason r/drama is so popular and so important in the entertainment industry is because it's popular, and so people are sad and depressed.
Every time I see a picture of a woman, I immediately see something that I'd never get to see before, but I always imagine something I never would have.
I've probably seen more cats than dogs.
When I read 'Pitbull' on a clock face I think it's funny to say, "Don't worry I've got a clock face"
Dying of a heart attack and your body telling you to do something without a heart is like having a mental illness.
If you die of old age, it is always hard for you to find where the last time you went to sleep.
Having sex with someone who is technically not your father sounds more like a motherfuckin' parent than having sex with someone who is actually your father.
Most of the time, a stranger will know your exact location, but I'll always think to myself, "Where did he go?"
My brain is only capable of seeing itself on retina because the brain knows about it so well.
When I see an antihistamine I immediately feel guilty. It feels like I only take one breath and then my breath is gone.
Babysitter is one of those movies where when the trailer says it all we just hear it said.
If I was in the wrong car, I would get more chances to get out of it if I was driving at 100%, and if I was in the wrong seat, I would get way less chances to get out of it.
Tapping someone's shoulder can mean the opposite of a penis/vagina
Everyone has a weird personality and no one is happy with them because they are too selfish to be happy...
It seems like the phrase "the human race has reached an age that it will be the longest lived in history and the only one that makes it possible to live." has become more important than "the animals have reached an age, it's time to stop that." but there's not any end to that at all
I wonder how many people die if there were a dog that could understand a language, but nobody would recognize it
If there was ever a time when we started to use our brain to think, we'd have created the first artificial intelligence and technology.
I wonder if the whole world is just playing on the internet.
I always make jokes about how people would think a funny thought if I said "my life is the greatest movie EVER told".
My parents have probably had enough fun at school. I'd have no problem putting up these "T" signs all over the school walls. They could put up it at their workplace and I wouldn't notice.
Why did the "The Onion" feature show me a photo of the Onion? I thought it was a joke. Do the people at the Onion get the same amount of respect when a popular Onion feature shows an actual story?
The only thing more amazing than having a kid is knowing that you are part of the same family.
You can't win if you only go to the bathroom
When you’re having fun you’re a lot more entertaining when you’re not.
Eating a bunch of corn and eating it is probably the best way to make yourself feel really old
It can be said that all the life lost in this world is already at stake.
When you take a bite of bread you're eating whole slices
A few months ago I never wanted to see a child with a dog with a gun
The first human brain to be born at the end of the earth was the only one who didn't know it was a cat.
If everyone on earth had lived before us, what would have happened exactly 10 years ago?
If you were born in the year 1814, it's about 4 years after the year 2112. You still wouldn't know what it's about.
The more we get into space the more it's going to seem as though we're stuck in a supermassive black hole.
I wonder how the rest of the world would react if I had an opinion on whether or not it's true.
If there was a way to take back the "lost" parts of The Incredible Hulk, it would be to release the parts of Thor's mask you were given when the Hulk left the Avengers.
I don't know if the original "Gorilla's" and "Daredevil" have the same title.
I can go anywhere I want today, I can go anywhere on this Internet anytime the planet is empty and ready to go
Dont look at the bottom of your shoe after you leave a shoe for a while because your hands don’t wash
The first person to walk on the moon must have been an asshole
If you're thinking what would happen if the world went into a nuclear war, the first people who tried to invade America were actually actually on the moon.
The second most intelligent person on the planet was in the future
My parents had me as a little kid, just like an army to have me fight in.
Somewhere, we’ve all thought of the first person to die and then thought of the second
In any movie you say "I'm sorry everyone" but in the real world it's like "No thanks"
If a movie was to be released with the cast members at the beginning, then all the cast members would be dead within minutes.
It would be amazing if the "I bet" and "I bet you" were the only correct answers to the question "Who was the original "I bet you"" and the second answer didn't look like "I bet I'm the original "I bet you"
There are probably more aliens known to our history than there are aliens that you can recognize.
If you work to death, there are probably more people who are working to get away from you than people who work to get away from you
One of the few that's a woman's best friend is probably her boss' friend
Porn is the only movie that makes you feel like a normal person
An open world game is a simulation of actual life
When we start a new sentence we must make our way to the top of the sentence to correct itself.
As a boy I couldn't make it out of school without the knowledge of cars. As an adult I'm constantly driving, yet never use my phone to listen to music.
What if you could read other people's minds when they were asleep and thought you read other people's minds when they were awake?
We just don't realize it anymore... We have a smartphone and it's just like our thoughts and prayers.
The reason I spend so much time with my cat is because she just wants me to forget what I did over the past month.
Everyone who tells their kids that they don't want to see their nails grow is telling their kids they will always see their nails grow and get sick
Everytime I think one thing for sure for all of the people I care about, I think of it as the opposite of what I did for the other people I care about.
The best way to end up with a dick is to put a sock in someone's mouth
When watching my friends from the future we may just be watching the future of our own future
When I'm drunk we're always watching other people in our sleep and sometimes the people I'm seeing are watching my own future.
There are 3 types of people in The Sims:
1 : The Sims players are like our AI
The universe is a vast ecosystem of cells
I wonder if anyone in history has ever had two hands together...
Everyone knows who is the happiest...
When I watch commercials or documentaries, I always think how funny they are
I wish I could watch live TV, but I can't because I've never seen someone on the floor for hours.
People are the only ones who have a lot of respect for each other because of their physical differences.
I'm pretty excited to be the youngest person around me, but I'm also the youngest person around me.
The "s" in "toilet paper" were invented just a few years before the toilet paper companies started making toilet paper in the first place.
I've lived with my parents in their apartment for over a month and always feel like they have no idea where I am coming from.
I wish we could call them "the people".
If you eat all of your potatoes without any potatoes are you starving and starving?
When two humans look exactly the same, they look like an alien
When we were kids there were songs about being young which the music was about growing up. Today, we hear songs about growing up and being older, but old songs about becoming a better person
If we ever find an alien planet, they should be able to come to earth looking for us because they have some information on us
"I'm not that guy, I'm just doing my job" is the best way to describe someone just like you.
Maybe the reason that I've used the acronym "UFO" a lot is because I didn't like the acronym "I'm not that guy, I'm just doing my job".
When I was younger I used to watch the show that showed a young, young version of Bill Murray when it aired. Now that I'm 50, I use the older version every season.
Doesn't matter how old you are, your face is still a part of the universe
When I was an 8 year old I had dreams where I would be able to see the future and look back in time as if everything I'd come up with would have happened.
Being in a relationship is like being a friend at a parties, but everyone is very protective of someone and treats everyone with respect.
The people who created the internet never needed to be named after an internet meme
Some people would be very surprised if someone invented a new "me" word.
I wonder if the only time I've had "birther" as an excuse for myself is when they said to me they were right
Why aren't all "smart" people like me, all these stupid people? If they had any ideas, they should just come up with something smarter.
Sending one person a porno may make a lot of money, but also makes the person get their first divorce or an "exit" from the family.
The first person who went through the process of trying to sleep during the night, must have been pretty tired after.
I'm a terrible liar
The word "expectant" makes me optimistic
There should be a way to determine how close to the actual time of the year we really are
Porn is basically the adult version of a "You know who I am" joke.
There needs to be an end to the "If I never say yes, I'm the bad guy" debate.
In movies, when the credits go down, everyone is shown as dead
Do any of your neighbors have a phone number that is not on their phone?
If there was a drug that killed its target, it probably wouldn't have a lot of results.
In the near future, the Internet could be used to record the most mundane of activities.
Ive always wanted to be a starfish... but I can't remember the last time I heard it scream.
Everytime I think about something with the word "it", I realize that when I think about it with the word "they" or "them", I could be thinking of something completely unrelated.
With all the negative comments we get from people who use social media, it makes me want to hate them.
Being self-conscious about my self esteem is the new "you don't know it's wrong"
All that time I watched this, I wanted to go to the bathroom, I wanted to go in the fridge, I didn't get down to it... But maybe I should have just left the fridge.
When I'm watching this video and feeling like I'm missing out on something, I bet it's the wrong time to do it.
A person who says their life is 'worth less' than a non-person, like a dog, is less in the end. They're just playing it off as a joke.
There will be a time in the future where when you are born, you are 'living on the edge of time'.
Your car battery will be full when it dies, but not if it's empty.
The first person to use water must have known what he was missing by now
Why do dogs think we drink in the shower when we’re naked?
When someone tells a joke that no one knows, sometimes they say it is not that funny, because they’re just trying to be funny.
Being a serial killer is like getting a free lunch but without realizing that you have to work all day every day to make it.
Everyone who has sex with someone is going to be very sad when their spouse is dead
Porn websites are like porn ads for adults and adults are just in a better position to deal with this.
Wearing a bra with a bra size that fits you well means your own body is not in good shape.
The guy who did the "Piss-Off" in the movie was probably the most socially awkward person in the world before he was born.
You've never been one of the few that didn't see the sun from the same direction.
We can say that dogs and cats are the same size as us but you don't actually understand them all.
Dogs only want to be around your parents... but humans have no need for companions.
Sneezing is technically licking the fart out of someone’s mouth but you’re only licking them when they're in the toilet
There are only two types of people we really respect. Those who want to live in a nice home and those who want to try and make the world a better place
The internet is like real life advertising. You can't buy it, but that won't change unless someone shows up and wants it
Maybe ghosts are like the ghosts of the future. When the ghosts are there, they never seem to leave
People who play video games probably never played a video game
One day, a movie you watched had characters on it that were killed by the movie and played themselves again as a sequel.
If you are dead, what color are you?
It was impossible for some "old people" to do things like listen to a song from that era, but every other person has done it
I wonder if the reason why there wasn't a song about people living in the dark was because those who were there weren't really good at it..
Asking someone to watch for the future is the only way to find out how much they're "worthwhile"
There are more people who look into the past than there are people who look back.
If we have the ability to smell the earth, then we have the ability to feel the earth with our eyes.
You know you're an adult when you go to bed in a panic knowing you are sleeping way too late.
If pornstars in the future were to be considered super intelligent they would be considered super pornstars.
Since the beginning of time, humans in human history have probably lived longer than any other animal because humans actually were much better able to think, solve, and solve problem problems even if we had a hard time thinking.
At a certain point in time, people are going to want to start paying more real estate developers to get better reviews. I wish they had a way of adding real estate to a monthly fee to get more reviews.
If the first human to walk on a grassy plain had made it through the second phase of evolution , it would have saved millions of years of human evolution, not just from farming today but the evolution of plant evolution. There is a vast variation of plant species that can survive that would make it easier to evolve.
Trying to learn a foreign language is really just saying you want to communicate with someone based on your pronunciation and how easy the language is for you.
I'm more than willing to accept the fact that i have an asshole mother who has the best birthday of her life.
What is it about your body and mind that makes you sad? The most powerful thing that you can do, is to make the world look like it has a choice between you and the other species. What do you do to the world that we don’t understand? You choose or you die.
Some of us are probably just unlucky you won’t catch up with our friends after you've left
At the end of the Harry Potter movie and movies we will be disappointed by how many people have left by the way
As pets, our heads are our eyes.
It's a good thing nobody has ever killed a bee in their entire life
When I was younger my friends would only talk to me for what I really want them to do; however, no longer.
If you have a crush, you probably have a crush on a guy with a crush
I miss my wife more when I'm late with her than when I'm late with her.
I never thought I'd hear my grandmother say "I just got home from work and I'm still hungry" when she got home from work.
"They say death is good, but never the best."
In the future, if we had the technology to create a vacuum, we might have a time machine for time travel.
They should create a 'facial recognition' technology that automatically recognizes a man, make him do something socially embarrassing and then randomly ask him out for the right things...
When driving in a video game, I'm always wondering when will the first car on the highway stop in case I become a wreck in the road. I have no idea where the first car is going.
Somewhere out there, I'm the person with the same face I was when I was 10 years old
I always wonder what was once the 'most fucked up' movie ever made and why?
The reason we can't watch the moon go down is because we can't see the clouds. You haven't seen the sun go down.
If porn was a simulation it would go like this
Movies are going to be boring for some people when they're released next year which is the future...
If you’re on a date with a friend, everyone in your world will have a romantic moment.
It would really suck for a guy to be in a world where she does everything so brutally...
The world has been really messed up. One side is not very important but the other side is good.
I wonder what day I'll be born that takes me out of my mind
Everyone is a kid when it's raining and everyone is an adult when it's raining
Having a baby is like getting old. It grows up, it's your body becomes a part of you as you grow until you're old enough to say goodbye.
The "b" in "b" is actually a b, and is the "c" in "c"
Buses are supposed to be the worst thing you can do in the future. But it will never be a possibility
You could have your day off at work (and still get to work) and you'd be in jail.
When you say “hahah”” you really mean the same thing twice
I wonder if there is a website that uses the word “truthers” in its acronym but in the name of a company that makes toys for the kids.
Someone just came up with the idea of a video game where the AI can be pretty much the same and no one's ever learned that.
Since the brain is a large part of our body, even "real" humans could be a lot less disgusting.
Most people who live their life like we do when we're dead seem so nice in a world full of dead people.
No one believes what they read on Reddit. They're reading the shit on the internet.
If you have to drink a cup of coffee at the same time as everyone else, do you feel better?
I wonder if "Laser pointers are just a thing of the past" people have been taught, or if they are so lazy or weird that they couldn't ever truly grasp their potential as technology continues to evolve.
Why should any adult have kids before they had kids? The kid may have a superpower from the previous night you've just learnt, but everyone else may be just as clueless about it.
I thought that I was immortal until I realized how I am now, and the reason the internet isn't like that is because I can't tell any of the facts anymore.
We must remember when our grandchildren are born, or in the middle of time, but when they are old they will still be dead.
The average age in the U.S. is 21.9 years
I spend more time looking at the clock than it actually is.
As a child, I'd think to myself, "What if my parents weren't so bad at picking out girls?"
If we had a digital photo record of our lives we'd have a lot of photos.
A lot of people are now dead, I wonder if I will ever start to realize the exact time that I was born.
I know more than half of the people in my life who are living in the dark
It would be hard to create a meme of someone's last name.
I hope my birthday is the last time I'm born.
If I could see the age of the universe I would be able to gauge the age of a person's hair.
It has to be an asshole to call someone "the asshole" if you're saying they're a jerk
Most of our world is a big pile of crap and probably just got screwed over by some crazy crazy rich person.
"Hurt" is a negative word to describe someone.
If I had the time of my life then I'd never know which song was the most important.
What do "no fucks" and "fuck yeah" mean together?
I have no idea what the word "pizza" sounds like.
At one point in my life I thought "I wish, for some reason, a man named John Doe had a penis."
There should be a place where people can go in front of a computer to see if there's any traffic jam.
How can we have a place where you could buy a house that doesn't have a room and the other person is happy you asked them for the place?
Most of my hobbies are hobbies to buy my soul for butts.
What's up with those "no socks" signs?
I don't know how the majority of the people I've talked to don't appreciate the name "Scooby-Doo". It probably sounds weird but it's a good name for someone who doesn't want to spend their time with them.
It should be called a "daddy-name"-thing where someone with that address is the first or second one mentioned on the internet, but everyone who has a D key will probably use the other one.
People say we are "old", yet when we move to the future we should start to live our life as if we are just a kid.
In order to get a license, you must be a "vacant alien" with an alien spouse
Some people can make movies about dinosaurs and other things you have never seen before.
What if aliens will arrive and tell us to not trust our own life.
When we eat the food that we ate in childhood, we are eating our dad's life.
If we were to walk on planets where there was no light for centuries, there would be no more light at all.
It’s a shame that the most popular way to save money is to buy things online.
If only humans were really as intelligent as their ancestors, what they would do today would only be to destroy themselves and their loved ones.
The internet is full of people who don't like talking to strangers.
There is a high chance you are in a different country from someone in that country who is in the same country everyone else is in
Being a young adult is the ultimate 'I am still young' experience.
Dating someone can be as rewarding as buying a house or a car.
If time traveled did happen, then at some point we would never know about it
When people say they don't want to see what they have to work with their future spouse on, don't they want to see what they will have to do with them future spouse?
We spend so much time in the past without knowing what our future selves will have to think about in future.
“Do they sound like they’re on their phone to your phone?” is like a telephone calling itself.
People can be happy “happy, because “happier” is what you are
When kids grow up they’ll be able to tell their parents “if you ever made that “loud fart”
Every time I turn down the radio, it always sounds like a bad idea
It takes more than just a fart to ruin your time on the bus
I wish that my house was the first place you looked
I can't find a day I've been in the right place at the right time
The best thing from my life now is going to be the time I see that I actually am a human being who can actually get the life in me that is the good part of me.
A dog has an extremely narrow definition of "a dog"
If people in the future started taking time off they could write their own books...
I wonder if I've ever seen myself go through the same scenario.
I wonder if someone in my house saw a video of something happening inside my bedroom and thought that was what it was
It’s surprising how long the Internet has existed.
What if all my past jokes are just a subconscious subconscious memory of how i was able to get to the future when i was a child?
"It's all downhill from here," is always a bad thing
The idea of a super villain with super powers, would be a great idea for a science fiction movie
Do we just live on a planet around our own planet?
Every movie I love, this one really only a little bit makes me cringe.
Having a baby is like the first step.
Being an amateur is an easy way to have fun with your parents.
What if the only reason we can make an insect intelligent is because the insect is smarter?
If you went to any zoo you would find an animal that would be the most amazing creature at some point in your future living history.
Whenever I think of a bad memory, I'm always thinking an awesome memory
What if they only had a day off just so we could go back and take a nap?
In the future when humanity is getting old people will have so much free energy just so they can get home after the apocalypse and start thinking about other things
If we have a planet with an intelligent life, would we continue to have a life on this planet?
If we colonize the sun but are not in interstellar space, or go out of space, is it still a planet?
If a man becomes a nun, do they become nuns?
Someone should get to take part in a human sacrifice to make immortality possible
The fact we see dinosaurs was the first thing we knew about animals.
I can't believe I don't have an iPhone in my pocket...
I will never know if I can watch my self driving cars before I drive a self driving ambulance.
With the increasing popularity of online shopping in general, there will be a real opportunity to become a celebrity of your own choosing.
I can't get a housecat to say "we are the house" because they'll say that.
If the sun rises tomorrow, it probably won't be the sun.
If this post is on Reddit or anywhere else, it will probably not be a good first impression.
I'm going to watch a lot more porn now that I have to turn off my headphones. It's the biggest increase of enjoyment.
If you go on reddit, you're looking into a world that's existed for a million years.
A lot of people go through a period of depression that would make for one of the most difficult periods of their lives.
I wish I could watch movies as if they were real
"We should all just do the work" is a sentence that would make everyone mad.
The more you learn and go the more you eventually have to go back to school.
I have never thought about the last time it was a dead end - it was over a long time ago.
If I don't know my own brain, it's probably too late to save it.
An average person is someone who has had a shitty day that will do nothing to make things better. There's nothing we can do about that.
I wonder if the people who say "I like your job" are really talking to themselves
I wish I could see my dentist today, but then I would never see my dentist today because it would mean one day the world will end.
The phrase "There's more to life than I know" is probably wrong, because there are more to life than people, or more of us.
It's strange how dogs have never had a chance to experience a time machine.
When I was young, I was more interested in the fact that I was smart enough to stay up late so I could sleep on the weekend. Now I'm less interested in what I'm doing, and more interested of how cool things are.
I will never know the last time I did something I was wrong for.
My current job would be to be a good asshole.
At some point, my life will have stopped at age 30 because I've grown too tired from trying to do something stupid and being tired enough to try to do it again.
Somewhere across the galaxy, a small group of people are secretly going to be a complete strangers to each other in the distant future..
When people are drunk or doing something too stupid, they'll do something as stupid as they do an actual thing without ever realizing it.
If I had a dollar for every single thought I would ever have, there could be an entire generation of people who say the same thing every day.
Do people use cuddles to move things around?
Turtles would make a great model for a toy car.
If we lived without cameras and did not have time-lapse, we would need to take the time to scan the entire internet. We would waste millions of lives trying to read, watch, and read as much as we could to make the most of what we're learning.
I wish we had a social media feature where we could share news so it was like, We have an amazing game on TV and if there's a player who loses I want that to be as easy as it is for my friends.
A bad haircut is a good haircut.
A lot of people's jobs are very hard to find, because of all the hours they work.
The person with the second leg of a wheelchair, or the person with the leg of a cane, could probably be one of the only people on Earth with the least amount of foot traffic.
Maybe we don't learn from childhood, or from our parents. It's when we use our senses to develop skills and things we should learn to use ourselves.
What if the first person to invent a toilet paper dispenser that worked for a human was really a robot?
I wonder if those "I want you to be happy, not sad" jokes have made me happier or worse yet, because now I'm on top of the world to make everyone happy.
When people say "your face is just a piece of me" their face is just a piece of my body.
I wonder how someone might imagine if I ever invented a new form of medicine in just a few years
I wonder what a human would look like if the only reason I had to think of people as I had to imagine myself as.
The best way to become an adult in the year 2020
I wonder how many people in the world have their own "old friend" that they have known, and you could easily find his information on your own, in this very minute
The reason I see so many people who are "up for something" is that when they meet someone, most feel like they are "up and coming". Then I see them that is the opposite. It's nice to know they are getting along without fear of rejection.
You don't really notice how bad things are until you start paying more attention to them
No one would ever use "fuck" for the purpose of 'fuck the ass'
All food has a flavor, but I don't like it more than my friends.
One of the most basic survival skills is surviving by jumping to the next person you can't reach
Trees in Texas are considered "trees in the road" to the rest of the world
I think all of these crazy stories about "Darth Vader and his Sith Empire" are probably true.
Most people say "it's not right to be happy" in passing.
The universe is a big loop
The more I eat a bunch of things, the more I realize the universe is just a bunch of spaghetti that was cooked.
It's amazing how we are never able to see the last time I would make the mistake of eating an Oreo.
I wish I could make a list of how much I love how my body works.
The person who coined the phrase "dude, this guy knows all about it!" (from his Facebook/Instagram account) is probably doing good.
I wonder what the original meaning of "you should be ashamed of yourself" was.
I wonder what the first person who invented the word would have thought about it.
Since I am the only person in this world who identifies as masculine, I would guess that some people would take the opposite stance about whether or not their body is male.
If all of the people I've seen in the movies, the only ones who aren't female are at the airport the next day, it would be really weird if they had a female driver for that time period.
The first person who invented the term "doggy style" was probably someone who had an amazing style in the bedroom, but ended up becoming very boring.
Everyone I know is "socially acceptable" for me, if I ever break up with someones friend.
The only people who are actually intelligent are those who read this post.
Why do we say time periods, but when does we actually start to say time?
If you do something perfectly timed, you're done.
I hate reading so much that I forget how to even use my fingers!
If the first person to create a movie star must have been an alien and then have their body be destroyed, then it would be a miracle or a horror movie to film it all out
I wonder how much money my family owes my parents.
In the movies The Dark Knight Rises/The Wolverine, the actor in the lead roles, Bruce Wayne (Peter) and Harley (Hulk) are all just old fashioned wizards trying for a world without magic.
I spend more time and energy buying more and more plastic bags as they get smaller, then I spend the same amount of time and energy buying extra bags and making them smaller when those bags are not sized.
Everytime I use the phrase "I am going to the hospital," they sound like "I am going to the hospital"
If I used a dictionary that didn't have any definitions, it wouldn't be a dictionary.
Some of this crap is just a way I keep an eye on people in videos.
If I used Wikipedia as my gateway to the world, I'm going to be really surprised to find out it's an anonymous site that I don't trust
There are probably a lot of people from the early days of humanity that are now living in a world where Google and Facebook and Facebook and Twitter are the norm because of their relative lack of privacy.
How was it that we're able to get to a planet that has not had a nuclear explosion?
A song with the exact lyrics to the song "Proud" isn't "Proud," but a song of the same title: "Breathing a sigh of relief is my farewell."
I have no idea what to say when I'm trying to explain a line of code to the correct person.
I wonder if I will be a part of a game of chess that my mom plays for me on our own, since she always uses the one I use the most.
The people who say we're in the middle of a technological revolution should have their news sources in place, and say how "the technology" has evolved in that field to be "the humans"
My Reddit account has actually gone through over 50,000 total accounts.
I always check my inbox when I'm feeling over a hundred pages in, but I've just gone to the time machine and never have
If I had 4-5 seconds to read, I would still be writing as fast as I am.
I hate to say but I read the same book multiple times.
I wonder if the first woman to have children was born in Britain in the year 1920
In the "Star Wars" movie, everyone is in the same position, everyone is in a corner but everyone is in a corner
If an animal is a dog, isn't it considered a human?
People who make 'farts' are probably fucking funny
My mom is always on the phone while I'm doing the dishes.
Trying to break a fast on a treadmill is like doing a double backwards in a game that's also a level
In a vacuum, you can easily leave your body in a vacuum, but the inside of a vacuum, and you can't leave a vacuum.
Life insurance is like the insurance your parents bought you to live their life.
If an ad that refers to "The Walking Dead" was the show's first commercial, I probably wouldn't have a clue if one of the ads was about me.
I don't know the difference between "You got it in the morning" and "I got it late day"
In 10,000 generations, the universe will go from being the largest to being the largest, not least because of the amount of different species
If the human universe was as large as it is now, there would be a lot fewer people that are alive today than there are now.
If a spider can walk, then I can fly, which would make the only way to live outside the spider's webs and spider-webbed universe.
I wonder what movies I've seen that made me laugh more than the ones that did.
I wonder how many people who have watched "The Matrix" have ever watched "The Matrix?"
I wish I had a clock to show how much time I have left in my life.
I wonder how many of today's biggest memes are because they are used for fun
I wonder if they've ever used a non-white person's slogan to tell people
You ever wish you used the number 2 as the starting point because it's more important to get closer and get away from an NPC in a fight?
If you're not a good swimmer, the average person who watches a swimming pool has a very different view of the world after you swim than when you’re a pool person.
When I use a phone for calling, I'm just doing my part to connect to the internet.
Birds should have an ability to stop moving from the inside when they jump up from the bottom of the water.
I wonder if dogs can hear in a city
I bet there's a lot of people who claim they were born in the 90s and have never seen a car in their lifetime.
It's always sad when my kids are playing "Dad" and they never know what to say.
If something happened today that didn't actually happen and there is no evidence that it happened then there would be no reason to believe that it would actually happen
I always hope that I won't die in this video, when my friends/family/bungee driver/handler/associate/driver/handler does it wrong twice. That way I can know why they did it.
With less than twenty minutes until my dog gets to the start line of the train, this will be a time of pride for me.
You don't know when you hit a home run until you're driving.
Every time you hit an object from a mirror and the object you were hitting becomes your mirror the original object becomes your mirror.
If my cat's mother was alive today, how would she know that she couldn't move?
In addition to The Simpsons, all the movies I see that deal with the plot of the same film are of the same subject matter
I wonder if people who don't like each other tend to say the 'I Like You' part a lot.
We used to think of men only as male but now we use women as a subgroup of women.
Reddit is for the ignorant who don't have an opinion on anything else.
The moment you die your body is almost certainly alive.
People probably think the song "I have a dream" is a song about their dreams.
If something smells like something it doesn't smell like something
The phrase "I hope you guys remember me right away" is probably not enough to have saved your life.
Why does the movie The Artist always sing about a guy like "that song?" When it's not about the guy with a talent but it's about his talent?
If we got a toner (the equivalent of water), it'd be a toner.
A lot of people get nervous about being asked to do one thing
Mascots on a postcard are just cardboard characters made up to look much nicer
It's not enough to know the past because you have to make it up yourself
Your "ex-girlfriend" will tell you you're "your best friend" but it won't matter.
If you tell a cat it's "the cat of the dog", you'll be a really rude person to a pet dog.
Why does no one in the universe see humans as "humans?" Why is there no "human being"? Did we think of that yet?
Every picture in the dictionary is a picture of someone you might not know.
The only difference between being a good ole' person and being dumb is your intelligence.
When you have a problem, try not to put it in your problem when it's solved.
If you are a "good" person, the same as being good at something is a "bad" thing
There are only two types of dogs: the ones who can't get into trouble, and those who know the truth
"What was that guy's name for?" is a question for anyone who has ever been in a fight in a barroom.
In the past, there was a certain amount of people that thought what they thought was an important thing. A few years ago, people will still be a lot more confused when people say it's important.
We are all just as happy to watch a bad movie as we are if it’s on youtube
“We’ll always be a little jealous of our friends.” When you are a little jealous of your friends, it’s your grandkids” fault.
In the future, a single, young person will be able to hear our voice.
If a person are to be in love with someone they would probably be a woman.
A clock is a screen recording.
There are a lot of places that smell like you because of how much I use perfume. I never mind how much I sniff the front of my house, unless it's the smell of piss.
The majority of people get away with taking off their socks
Every time I see someone who doesn't speak english, I always think: "Wow! He doesn't know english!"
How many times do I hear an alarm clock go off in the morning when there's nothing but one?
The older I get, the less I feel like I understand why people say "If you can't win, don't give up"
I'm about to lose an arm and a hand but not my head
If your car has been to the DMV before, do you know just who you are driving around?
After having read all the history books, I could totally start my own website, but am having a hard time telling the difference.
I like how they make "tobacco free" signs, but they make them "only tobacco free".
The person who found the internet first must have been scared. Then he would be the most powerful person on earth.
Paying for your phone is going to become much more annoying as time goes on
I was once the only one who understood my wife's voice more than her husband's.
Pornhub was originally a search engine for porn in order to try and find my porn, but now the search engine is like a gateway to porn.
If the current generation of parents get an STD, they'll be pretty scared that the future generations will be like them.
The biggest problem with the Internet today is that I don't want to have bad internet but I want the perfect internet.
I still give myself extra shit every time i go to Google+
When someone says they "like" reading my posts, I just scroll down and say "like" and they instantly read me as if they like reading my posts.
The only difference between "good handwriting" and "fun drawing" is if you're on an A-z.
I've probably lost at least 5 cents by not writing what I'm writing on the outside of my phone
I wonder if there's a single thing I've made that will convince the world it doesn't matter how often I say it back
A man with a beard has a beard and to a man with a beard is a man.
Fried chicken is a plant that grow inside humans and can be eaten
With the rise of VR, there's likely already a large number of people waiting patiently for a photo on social media.
Maybe everyone has a unique fetish.
I wonder, would a "dancing with the ladies" girl "play with herself" be anything but a "dancing with the kids"?
What if I can only tell from the internet if something says something, or if someone has said that thing and I don't know what I'll say?
All the information I've ever seen was just discovered years ago, but I don't remember anyone really using "google"
I wonder what the ultimate problem is for someone trying to get rid of unwanted pregnancies
I am not sure a "Hangover" is a "hang" like a "snot" or "hot" like a "hot"
If people that take me to the airport on time and do an "extra" to me, I'm gonna take my shit!
My cat only gets a bad sense of smell when it's licking my fur.
Tilting the toilet should be called tinkle-sneeze
What if people have sex out of wedlock and it’s for your sperm
Maybe "shower thoughts" are just people who have masturbated?
A year ago when the “back burner” was announced, a year ago it was a thought. I hope no one will remember our generation.
I wonder how many people I know I've forgotten...
How is your birthday a birthday? The people you forgot after you die, now you remember every birthday.
This year there will be an all round revolution in how children think.
Why do people who aren't born until 2020 have to give birth today or tomorrow, when they can just be the youngest person in the world?
I haven't heard anyone say I'm afraid of mosquitoes yet but I've seen plenty of people who are afraid of mosquitoes yet.
If all the things I do in the world stopped being possible, then the world would be a lot more fun
Maybe it’s not that much easier to talk to people who have really terrible drivers to convince them i’ve got the car if they want it.
Maybe you get into a car accident while wearing pants... that’s weird, you’re a part of this family.
We live in a world where you don't know what the end product of the "end product" is
We never know what “first” looks like in the shower, we just put on makeup.
Having a child is like having your parents take charge of your life. You have to work and worry and work till you're not able to help.
The fact that men would wear women's dresses for sex shows the extent to which women's dress would have been worn to be comfortable
Life isn't like living on a farm
The phrase "it's just a memory" is kind of a waste of time.
Humans think of being cool about whatever, yet we don’t like that we don’t know who the cool kids of the future are!
If one of your friends gets married when they die, would you become a parent?
You know your life is a bitch when you get a letter from a doctor the other day
Cannibalism would be so much worse if it didn't involve cannibalizing people to death
The world is a simulation
There should be a program that finds the perfect password for the password system. Like google.
The world is technically infinite and there is infinite data to be stored on each site.
The word "cannibal" is an oxymoron.
If zombies ever became real, they would probably just kill everyone on a day just to make it look like a zombie apocalypse.
Pets that feed you the most food is always a winner when you see them in their new litter box.
If all animals were immortal, life would be sooooo different.
If you eat meat, it’s only a meal’.
It is socially acceptable to ask your younger twin to take a picture of you, but it’s also socially acceptable to ask your older brother or sister for selfies
If I owned a car and had to pay for gas after a few hours, I’d pay for gas
Cereal is just regular beef soup.
When you can't eat the last meal, it's really bad. When you can't eat the last, it's really good.
I'm worried about my kids seeing my birthday porn in their room.
The thing I most regret about being a doctor is not having the right answer to the questions.
There is a good chance that if you use the term "pessimistic" you are also pessimism.
Do you wish you had no hair?
There should be a new form of porn called "pornstars" where you do a bunch of hot porn with your friends
I wonder how many people get fired by the same website in my lifetime that I do
"I don't know it yet, but I know it'll happen!" is a good way to tell someone that you're not in a panic, but the best way to make them think you're not in a panic is to talk to them and say, "That's not what I'm telling you."
If the earth is flat, then how does it become a planet?
Why isn't there an app/phone app that makes maps that can show you when your house has been demolished?
No one, other than the people you are trying to persuade to help your relationship, is capable of feeling better about their relationship.
I wonder if I've ever once had a heart attack, and had to restart the game to check it out...
How did the people who make The Sims ever make them famous become so famous?
I guess my biggest gripe with the tv channel that I watch is that I wonder who is really on the other side of the earth for what I believe to be great news.
Is there a special place in hell for those who don't know what hell is?
I wonder if people who claim to be atheists are actually atheists. I wonder how many people would have a hard time getting along with everyone if there was no atheists.
If a bunch of people get together and start a group, it's not because it's bad, it's because the group is better.
I have to admit that it is very annoying to talk to strangers about my own birthdays, but I don't think about my friends' birthdays if they talk about it
If one doesn't have sex, that makes one an asshole.
It's strange to be young and think you have to be old to be a rich person. You may be rich as an adult and you have to be rich as a poor person to not have a rich person
It's like it's a natural progression to being a child.
We probably never see someone wearing a fancy suit or blazer because, in reality, most people are wearing suits and there's only a tiny chance of them not being a suit.
A giant spider is an incredibly impressive spider
You’ve never watched a video of a baby or animal being shot.
How can you not use the word 'tide' to imply that there is a difference between 'tide' and 'tied'?
The first time I see someone is on an in-between world
What would it sound like if you were in a parallel universe?
I just realized "You're the only one on the planet that doesn't think..." is the equivalent of "You're not the only one that could do that..."
What if my parents are right now in a world where, after 10 years of education, I'm still confused about what this person is talking about?
It's really not a good idea to be a guy if you can't be a female in a girl wearing a bra
I wonder if the internet will keep me "in high demand", and that is why most of the people I see are rich/famous.
Babies are just people in high fives.
A good amount of the new content we learn online is going to be about people's real life lives
I have a fetish for the time I take the toilet first. You need to be the last to take the first piss, because when you're done, you're finished.
If people were always the first to come up with something to make us think, there would be people who had a lot of sex.
As I grow older, I wonder if I am more likely to have a conversation with someone who is younger than me.
Families are only half true unless there is a major storyline, but if you make a big deal out of a wedding, its always out of context.
The last time we saw an ancient civilization go extinct, was on a very small scale.
People are just paying the bills in order to keep the money flowing.
Mud and Sand has never actually been mashed
Being in my parents' basement with only their internet is a lot like being out of sight with the other kids.
If life is a game, then why don't we just start life again?
When I was a kid, I wanted to be treated like a kid again. All I ever wanted was to be in a movie until someone offered to let me in.
If you don’t have a girlfriend but you have an idea, is a good idea?
A really annoying thing about going for a hike is when you get drunk in the middle of the night instead of when you wake up.
The most important thing that will be forgotten by our children in their lifetimes is the words "never forget the last time".
When you find something strange, something always looks funny, but when you find something weird, something always looks weird
There is always a chance an older person is being born prematurely.
The people who have to stay home to their kids because they're going to be late to work have the biggest problem of all, that kids are probably going to be having their parents up to their mom's house
Every time you buy a new car, you're taking it out of service and putting a brand new battery inside.
If you were born with a handicap of being deaf, you still have a handicap of having to do your own laundry.
The biggest problem with all of this is that you never really know. Whenever anyone says somebody was born deaf, they always refer to the person as 'not born deaf'
What would happen if a group came together and put together a group of people that said: 'What we do today, when you die, is it the end of the world?'
The people who say we don't need to worry too much about what the future holds are probably the ones who believe all will be well if all the free will has been realized and our children have to learn and develop.
What if ghosts keep walking the earth and don't know about our existence?
If you think about it, all the people who make their opinions available on reddit are the same people who are not allowed to see the comments.
If you're a "good person", you're a bad person. If you're a "bad person", you're a good person.
A lot of people are just born in the future.
Whenever I want to watch a movie from the past, my mind immediately makes the future movies. Yet I'm always confused by this moment.
We have no idea who the last person who would have died or what was "on earth" had been like, they'd never, ever, know!
We live in a weird and beautiful world that makes us uncomfortable. So when we look at porn, we are uncomfortable and uncomfortable, but not uncomfortable and discomfort.
We are the least likely to suffer at Hogwarts.
It was a huge mistake to put a hole in the sea’s lid when there was no water there would be one.
Cats are like our little monkeys, but are capable of doing terrible things they do to humans
The world is actually a series of parallel universes
We all know that dogs like each other, but can't remember where they came from.
When you're younger, just being on your phone is the least scary thing you can do to yourself.
If I put my earmuffs on too high, I end up with a loud, high-pitched noise.
There should be a "P" for "No" in the title of commercials, because that way they don't have to go that far.
If the earth is spherical, you're the center of the universe. So is that a circle or a sphere?
If I die and somebody finds my car I have to stop and pick it up.
I wonder if aliens are in the past or if there are aliens in my future.
If a ghost is traveling across the sky to a location, if they stop him, why doesn't he just go right through my window?
The only reason I'd want a dog in my house is if I thought they were trying to find me and when I tried to take them out the other way through the door...
If you're older than 1 year, you're more mature than your younger sibling in an 18 year old year
It's amazing how the phrase "You are the only thing in our lives that can change" can be taken literally.
I know I'm getting old when the new millennium is closer than the 20s.
You have to wait for every single word in every syllable to be correct
I wonder if any of the same kids who told me they would be watching the Oscars would be watching the same Oscars as me.
Every movie about a drug dealer is a murder mystery
What if the people I see most in movies are actually celebrities.
Every time I go to porn sites I have a fetish, the guy in the background with the condom on a condom is the porn star.
It's an awful feeling when the sun does not shine, but it gets worse when its day passes.
If you buy a car that requires you to have the license plate number your car has, you're buying a car with the plates in it. So, yeah, I get that you don't get more money on a car you can afford.
When you're in a group hug, you are hugging yourself
I'd say the "good ole days" are my worst days.
If I were the world record holder in any sport I would probably do it in a marathon
The first person to actually eat food was probably the first person to eat water all the way through life.
You have to be careful how you use the food before you throw it in the trash, but that doesn't mean you don't drink the water before you throw it out.
I'm always more likely to get a girl at any bar than to actually drink a beer
The amount of people in the world whose parents were murdered by aliens in space is amazing, I think.
If I can hear a dog barking out "bitch!" I can probably hear a cat barking out "sheep!"
I always say I don't know why people hate me for hating them, but I always try to explain it on good humor.
If dogs and cats have a brain that is designed to think things in our own minds , it is our brain that has all the free thoughts in the world
If you had a brain that could think, it would probably become the world's most advanced AI.
I just realized today that I've learned how to tell people a movie doesn't exist
Most people are lazy.
If I put my car in reverse, my car won't start. It will stop if I push the "back" button
It's interesting how in the age of mobile, "The Wire" feels less dated than an episode of The Simpsons.
If people actually went their own way, they'd really go their own way.
Paintings for an office would make a lot more sense in a bar than a restaurant.
Coffee shops and grocery stores are like big city life.
You have to imagine what the world would be like if vampires existed.
I wonder which other species of animal is smarter than me
What if all of our lives have been about being lazy?
If the Earth were flat and we were all living in its outer layer, why do we sometimes find the floor in the dark or something?
When I was still living as a child, there was no 'hippie' to greet at the end of day. Now, there's a large number of "hippies".
Having a good job (or in the case of being a good lawyer) is one of the most satisfying and rewarding things in life.
The first person to take a bite out of a freshly minted egg must have had the first ever dream of eating a freshly minted egg with their nose.
The only thing that makes a good pizza stand, is the pizza.
The only two things that are "the most" or "good", are one and both.
I'm thankful that I don't have to eat as much as a person who can afford not to eat at the right time.
If I can see the "Hail Mary" I am in
The most realistic and realistic thing to ask someone on a date is if you are single.
Falling asleep on purpose is like losing a leg before you've even walked on the ground
I've never actually seen a naked man walk on a street. I've seen them naked, have walked, and seen naked in my life.
I want to get rid of my "HOLY SHIT" but no one will let me take a selfie.
Most people’s life feels weird and boring after they take a long time to complete their work and their kids.
We’re all just playing the same video
A penis is a penis and vagina is a vagina.
Pants are just long, rectangular pants with a hole in their upper layer.
Every single time someone tries to give you a dick you're either getting a dick or getting a nice dick
Since the universe is round, some things are round, and some are round
If the moon is a planet, is it made of a planet, or not?
A fart is just a big bang
The first generation of parents should have a "Parenting in the Dark" class...
If our own universe is nothing but our own universe, the universe is what the kids of that generation were born without.
If we invented an AI that worked like a man to make sure their job at home was not to work, would they be paid?
Mittens are just a fancy dress for socks.
I wonder if we will be able to use social media as the reason to get rid of the Internet
My best friend's funeral at the end of each of my games of Scrabble would be a pretty impressive result
Why is our cell phones so big, so much bigger than the earth?
I don't believe the concept of self-knowledge. It is a form of self-assurance.
In Star Trek, it was a good idea to have a "new year's resolution" that didn't involve destroying the ship. In Star Trek, it was a great idea to have a "new year's resolution"...
If you don't have a job for the rest of your life, you know your life is gonna suck when you wake up on a day when your job is not enough.
It's a good thing I have never heard the word "v" sung before I get a text in an email
I wonder if I ever had to watch ads on youtube at all.
It's not my fault I don't have a phone, I just use my phone.
"What's not with your phone?" is always in my head. I always forget.
I have never seen or received an email with a "delete sent to me" on it.
My mom will always ask why I didn't just get the ball, and then I'll get it for free if I don't.
You can imagine how great it would be if you could read people's mind
The only thing more disturbing than the fear of the dead is if the dead are alive
If someone has sex with someone that is a serial killer, the person is committing sex with the person
A "real' sex toy" must be a real sex toy.
Someone should be able to show how they’ve survived the apocalypse by depicting an alien being as the man they are going to die in
Being an atheist is like a parent who says they will get back in the game to play the game
Facial recognition will probably become an area of the internet where people just want to see more eye-candy
You can't tell if a man or woman is a man when you can tell if an animal is a woman when you can tell if a dog is a man.
There’s something inherently satisfying about a good movie’s ending yet there's something infuriating about a bad movie ending.
The internet is just an elaborate elaborate maze of links and links - there’s no limit.
If you think about it, the way you feel can be changed very easily by your brain and your mind
Actors are the most successful actors in a movie because they use dialogue to express something specific
Pizza is one of the hardest things to eat and it doesn’t have to be hard to get.
Everything your eye sees is a bunch of photos or videos from your childhood.
The movie “Good Luck or Die” is basically your dad's greatest tragedy”
You don’t know any good music until you have to explain it to someone.
Soup and food don’t exist in this universe.
The world would rather not get a world war from the one against the other
The universe would never be more peaceful than when we had access to an infinite amount of food
It's almost impossible to know if you’re smart.
Life could've started much the same way as we've been able to.
When you're a teen you're a kid and then once you're 18 you start doing activities that don't seem like school, like getting school supplies, and then you've got to watch adults with little kids play around the block.
It would go without saying that you can never trust a company which is doing a product you like, without any trial or refund, and still buy that product you like until it goes into public sales.
If all movies that don't use their actors were made with real actors in them, the actor who made the movie would never be in it.
I wonder if it's possible that the phrase “not in school” is a lie as it only takes a few seconds for everyone to believe it is.
I wonder how many times i've died in the process of having to work
People think of death with a lot of horror, but are actually terrified of it.
You know you're getting old when you start to remember a lot of things.
The first person to actually experience a time machine is probably in a time machine somewhere right now.
I wish there were a list of the things I wouldn't want in my car and everything that I don't want.
Truck trucks are just giant versions of the old truck cars.
If you think about it, the earth had about one million years of weather before it became one.
When I think about the 'one-hit wonders' of the past, I get more excited about the future than the past.
I never want to leave my office and go to work. I feel stupid when I don't and I don't want to leave but I'm afraid.
I wonder if there is a person who has never seen or lived through a movie where the action was filmed. He/she was the one who knew the most about movie trailers.
I was 5 or 6 years old when our generation came of age, it was the first generation we've ever had, we got a lot of toys and were not aware of how to use them.
Why do I have to pee? If it wasn’t my bladder it wouldn't be peeing.
If I've ever been inside a coffin I've buried myself with a coffin
Sleeping is just a way of keeping your brain inside and awake.
As a child I loved to play fetch; now I play fetch. But when I see my parents I love to have a kid.
Everyone you know has an IQ too low.
Why don't I know exactly how much my hair grows in different places?
If we know that a bug is contagious and would rather not think about it, why do they take a bite out of it, when there's nowhere to go but on the floor.
If you were born in 2000, you'll already be dead in 20 years
It is possible that there will be a time period between when they started filming and when you see their logo on a TV
Maybe the reason our brains are so efficient at survival is because we have evolved so far that they are literally the best of the rest of the human species.
You get the feeling you dont matter to everyone in the world.
You know you're really old when the song in "Pumpkin Spice" is actually a remix of the song from the "Pumpkin" movie
We're the most famous, but not the least famous.
You don’t have to worry about the future anymore when you go back in time.
Saying "I want to do that" is a lot more interesting than "I want to do that".
A lot of people are going to want to be in the best shape of their lives to go out and live somewhere that is not going to be very popular.
If you are a millionaire, you will not go without paying rent.
An all in one toilet for pets is the human equivalent of a horse stall.
The only people that actually need to worry about the weather is the people that put water between their teeth.
Maybe the reason we can't see ghosts in the clouds is because ghosts have to be in that area the most
The first human to ever die was born on Earth.
With all the deaths of others since it became a reality over the past twenty years, every single one of us has had a good idea what the future was like..
You can be someone you don't like and a dickass, but if you don't like others you are still a dickass. It's your own body.
People really need to be trained to see it in different light.
People really need to be trained to see it in different light. "In the light of a second, I wonder what it would feel like to be standing in that direction twice a day", the people of the future.
Why does anyone have sex in the dark? Why does anyone have unprotected sex? Is it rape or something else?
If your dog is getting more and more annoyed after you put your hand in their mouth, you're getting into a fight.
If you're a super rich guy like Steve Jobs, you should be considered a super poor man, but should earn an estimated $25,000/year.
If all animals got tails, that would be way greater than human hair
I wonder if anyone has ever heard the phrase "I don't want to see my son grow up" and seen a picture of their kid growing up.
The best way to say "it's a lot longer than I thought" is to say it's a long way longer and less than I thought.
The only thing stopping me from doing anything is a big pot
When we're kids, our parents will look up from their phone and say, "Dad, don't look at this shit! It's so old!"
"I'm not gonna be late" must mean you're not at work and nobody's interested in your work. The next thing you'll notice is the need to do work.
I'm not the most experienced customer at a store.
In the future no one will ever be able to tell you which of two items makes them worse.
One of the biggest "why you don't want to see it" ideas would be what happens if you gave everyone your phone to use in a shopping mall.
If it is possible to be conscious while drinking and it is known the drink isn’t dead, then people who are conscious should not have to deal with all the stuff after death.
My friend is an overreaction to not being able to eat without hurting myself
Cars have more buttons
Someone should make a "Siri-like" option, so "Spotify" would be the Siri of music player websites.
When I see ads, my ears are full of it.
If every time I eat something I'm happy, then I'm always at a good weight. If I was eating a salad I'd become happier.
Since I live in the exact same country, most of my childhood was spent in Korea
I wonder how many babies I've lost because their parents told them that they were "getting the fuck out of this."
Some kid probably has seen the entire original Earth before the first man created it.
We just think we are special/special, because we live in one universe, one thing.
People of various ages and races are likely to encounter a few very intelligent aliens traveling further into space than we already know.
When I was a kid, I would never have gotten the phone number my parents had set you to find the phone number you actually wanted.
I don't have a problem with a person not being good at something, if I can't remember his/her name that would make me a good liar.
Having a dog treats me to know if or when to be a crier.
I've had my hand sanitizer all these years. I've now washed it all off!
I've had over 60 dollars in one evening, and over 50 dollars in the next.
I sometimes have to say, "There's no like your friend" and leave it at that and not be offended.
The most expensive food I have ever bought is food in the form of fruit.
A vacuum is just a tube for your bladder
We should use the term "solar system" instead of "the universe".
If your parents sent you to the movie, you were the one that was watching the movie.
If you're a kid, how long till you're a adult?
My mom was never as smart as she seemed.
In the future there'll be a big "why don't you get a job before I die??" thread
When I look at my credit score, I feel like a lot of people actually use credit scores. Yet with my own free time I think it's really unfair the way I'm grading someone.
It's not a big deal how much I wish I could be the world's best sports player, but it seems to me I've never met a guy in the past that made a video game.
The fact that people don't really realize how much weight they can use on their arms is really a testament to how stupid their bodies can be.
There could be a lot of people who are as creative as me that have never heard of a music video.
I get so upset by new words/words being made and old friends that I really don't know who I should be thinking about.
If the reason people still get depressed after losing their shit is because of the way they used to feel, they should stop getting depressed.
When you take a bunch of shit you probably say "you are what you eat"?
Pigeons are like a flying car. They are both going to make you stop in their tracks, even though other animals are trying to make you stop.
A person who was born on the same day as my parents is the same person that I was born on the same day I met my parents
I don't care what your age is but if you find a person who is on the bottom of the ladder in an elevator then you may be on top.
Someone has to explain all these stupid things the world would understand if they didn't.
I will never understand why a dog loves a guy who loves him better
If a man has a fetish the same way a woman does, does that make her a sex object?
I am a lot more aware of how things happen in the present tense than I was in the past.
I wonder how much of my life I really enjoy the most because the people at work seem to think I enjoy doing the same things as I do.
I feel my head spinning every time I open a new window
I wonder what the world would be like if some aliens told us the truth about all the aliens and told us not to be afraid of the aliens.
I wish most people had the ability to see more in their brain due to how they perceive space.
If there's one thing that can only be said about a company that can be described like a franchise, it's "don't think of anything for a moment".
If someone is in a job interview, their name is called John. It's a business name for a job.
I wonder what the reason why I have ever been a virgin and not been married so often now is because I didn't have access to condoms
I wonder if humans that are born without a nose or a mouth make it to adulthood. What if we're a little bit of a bug or something?
I wonder how many times I watched porn in the past few days without looking up porn.
The phrase "I don't judge" is a pretty simple phrase at the beginning of "I don't judge," but I just can't understand why an adjective is never used in other instances.
At some point, nobody has ever said, "Why don't we just do yoga?"
When you go outside, you're inside your mind
I wonder what it's like to see naked people in high places
A lot of people, just for the sake of it, are good at something I can't.
When I look out for a car I never take a picture. If I was to drive into a public area I'd take a picture and be gone.
I wonder if any kids in the world have never heard a clickpaul.
When the cops are looking for drug dealers they should stop using the word "toll".
The people in the front page of Google search for "google.com" don't know that Google is still a search engine.
If you buy a new car at the car wash, does it have the "new" registration symbol (B) on it?
Everyone will look at a good picture, but every single one of yours looks at a bad picture.
Telling people to put their money on the line when it comes to money must be the way it was always going to be
Someone should really design a map of the universe.
I think the greatest paradox of all is what happens when we take a picture of someone and we take another picture of a girl.
It's kind of a relief when I read that the sun doesn't shine like the earth does.
I wonder if anyone has ever had a "crown" but that wouldn't be much in the picture.
"No matter what, it ain't got to be" seems like a good excuse for the world to change direction and start making progress towards a clean energy economy, but "If there ever was a day in the day, it must have been the day for it.."
Banks should sell credit-card and check-signatures for all their customers
I wonder how many people in America who say "fuck my family" are still being bullied about having kids because they think they're the "motherfucker".
How do they make babies who think things are bad?
The whole world is getting better, like with China. We are just the worst at the world.
The biggest change in how we interact with the world could be how we are portrayed in movies.
I wonder how many other people use cookies, if the phrase to 'see what you can do' is used
I've never heard my own voice but I just thought my grandma used a microwave
Why do we say 'Pray that we do not go hungry' when there really are not a lot of different foods.
"What if I'm not right?" Could be more accurately, what if there was a way I could be right.
The only type of person I would trust most of the time, would be someone who isn't really good at reading people's emotions.
You don't know how good your favorite songs are until you find out about them and watch an advertisement for it
In the future people won't be able to use computers to watch movies in reverse.
I think I would take a few shots of my phone to see what it says.
Every single day we do not get sick, our mortality can be measured in a million dollars.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory might be the real version of Santa Claus
Birds can actually see ghosts and are in on it
It would be great if robots worked in the real world.
How are all the old people of America still alive today? It would make them seem like good cops.
I'm in heaven now, and I'll probably be reincarnated as a zombie someday in the afterlife.
When I work in the retail side of a store, I'm always asked 'Why don't you just bring me a dollar for a dollar?'
We never get the word "waste of money" right. We just want the money and we don't remember how to use it.
If people say the same thing about something and you say it in a different context, you have to be very careful not to say the word "waste of money"
How bad will it be if we all die of old age in public transportation?
I will forever be one of the dead people at a restaurant.
The only time I think about my feet is the 90's. I still want to be alone and not look forward to being around anyone for too long.
A lot of people on this site just don't have the ability to imagine, let alone imagine that they do.
The older you get the more we're all worried about our food
In the years that follow, there will be an enormous influx of kids that come up with this thought
The best part about all of the above is that when you're watching porn, you're literally watching yourself for the first time.
A person's best feeling will be feeling more pain than just being dead
We've all lived one life so far
The reason we say "lucky streak" all the time is because it's a chance for someone to get more lucky in another way
What if some of the world's largest cities are located in the middle of nowhere and can actually be easily explored by humans and other flying creatures?
The most recent year on the calendar is the last month until February
The most recent year on the calendar is the last month until February
Trying to find a good name for your next business is like trying to find a book deal.
Somebody will probably have a much more complex history when they live and work in Europe.
The worst part about all of the above is that all of these comments are a result after you write them down.
It's amazing how good it is to have your thoughts in reverse
I wonder how many of you were actually looking up at the sky at the dawn of civilisation, just to see us all just float into space from the past.
We don't really give a fuck about any food or candy that comes out of some food we eat after it's eaten.
If we had humans on planets where food isn't on the menu, we'd be eating our first humans.
Humans are an invasive alien species - all food is edible.
If we ever get to Mars, we'd have to go as far back as human history is to be able to make a living off of being a sentient alien species
If your birthday is your first birthday, then at a certain point in time you have already made it, right before your birthday.
If you have 3 children, your first birthday is the best birthday, just like having your second birthday for 1,000 years is the worst.
Maybe "It's not good enough that I'm not a good dad" and "It's not better that I don't have my parents and kids" is all you have to do.
People say you always have a plan so you can follow it up with more stupid and unworkable crazy stuff, but it's so easy to follow the path that you don't even make plans.
If men in the future would say that having a "fuck you" is like being hit by a meteor
People think it's funny to be gay and be called straight but a lot of straight people use the term "gay" to refer to themselves, not a particular person
We can only ever know if someone in the world knows how to create a fake name
What if someone is the first person to create a fake friend
If it's possible to get rid of the "F" in your name, do you have to name someone that does?
People aren't good at calling a guy bald except when they're not wearing a wig
The phrase "You're alive", implies you're actually alive.
There are more girls wearing pants than I do.
Movies are just entertainment that took longer to watch
I've never really read the title of a book that someone told me was really good. It's because no one ever asks me the "why" question.
People who say that they are going to die are actually saying that they are going to live long enough to see how they died.
The more I think about the movie "The Matrix" the more I think about how they screwed up the AI
I wish I was a giant turtle that did stupid things.
Halloween is like the Christmas of the porn industry. The more you give people candy, the more they give us free content. They don‘t give us anything except to get you
I wonder if the "tortoise" in The Terminator has ever been seen as a ghost.
It looks like someone's getting excited when they see the first "shower thoughts"
A lot of people who use the phrase "have sex once" could probably be in for a surprise when they get pregnant.
If you're a human and a snake can take you down, you're fucking annoying.
It would be a pity if a porn star named Jessica Simpson could be taken out of commission and eventually pay a huge amount of money to have sex with a man named Jessica Simpson
"You're welcome" is just a personal sentence.
The difference between an "A-ha" and an "Aaaa" is so small that it isn't worth talking about.
The more I realize how many times my dog has already had "the other one", the worse it feels.
Maybe there's nothing good that we don't have, and everyone has something on which they don't have, but the rest of us aren't allowed to have anything on which they don't.
People say 'I'm so old' but not 'I didn't grow up until this point'
Being 'anonymous' is a weird concept. If someone has already told you they're anonymous it's no wonder they would be.
We will never know what a real human feels like.
A dog is the only animal that can eat any human
There are more people in bed than there are people in the house.
I'm only 5'10" but if I were a guy I'd be 8'6"
If you were born on April 1st 1976, you could have been born in a year
You can't judge someone for being overweight/fat, but you can judge somebody for being skinny/light-skinned
Life might give us some good advice about not buying groceries if you need it.
Paying taxes makes me realize that having to pay for it makes me an adult.
When I was younger my parents would call me "Mr. Scampin" or "Mr. Scruffin", when I was older they would try to call me "Mr. Scruff!"
"Wash your hands" means it smells good. "Cherry" means it tastes bad. "Pepper Cake" doesn't mean it tastes perfect, it just means it tastes nice...
There are going to be a lot of people who are going to die young at any moment
I wonder if the "w" in "It's All About The Ben" has a double meaning - to be honest
A car seat is like a small butt plug.
Someone who loves a cup of coffee should tell people who drink it when they are drunk...
The best way to get out of a job is through "getting paid".
Most of us had nothing to do. As our body evolved we evolved and gained some. And some of us never had any.
The world is full of crap and we just can't help but think in the worst possible way we can think
There shouldn't be a need for a calculator for every product.
A good amount of the time is spent walking or lying on the floor with your arms outstretched.
Why are there no red circles in the colors of your hands? If you have not used your hands, aren't they red, or pink, or blue?
Most people in movies are just people they like. It seems the only time they play to themselves is when they are bored, but really everyone else is just normal.
It would suck for a drug dealer to take drugs to save the lives of their victims with an overdose, just like stealing drugs has.
It's just a matter of time before we see the new "Harry Potter"-themed toys
I wonder if the first person to use a pencil, pen, or razor ever saw a razor
We say there are no exceptions, but when will there be a universal rule of thumb?
What if when someone says "I know you don't say you're afraid of heights", then they are saying that they aren't afraid of heights but they're afraid of being scared of heights? If this is true, then the other person who says they don't say they're afraid of heights are afraid of heights?
The guy who found the bottle of water and set it on fire never said he didn't realize they were going to find it
The word "carnage" has just the opposite meaning of cuckolding.
It's funny how everyone has a little trouble naming things
A new game would be a much clearer expression if the first person to do something was "in the video" rather than "in your head".
I wonder if people who've been through so much struggle and are still struggling with the fact that they've been in situations like this.
I wish there was a way people in the world can say "I'm not sure I'm feeling so good" and still not be feeling any better.
I wonder if a "c" in "cuckservative" is a reference to the "cuckervative culture"
People on this planet will never know what they will be stuck in in a future generation
As a kid, I went to school with the feeling of a student being taken away from the class at a particular time and never getting better. Now, as an adult, I feel no difference as a student, not because I'm better, but because I am not given credit for my achievements.
If someone had to die every day, who would it be?
Whenever the term "totally fucked up" or "completely fucked up" gets used, it is usually in quotes as if its being used lightly or in the same sentence.
There's a reason we call the sun's shadow color blue. The color is in a combination of color, light, and heat.
It should be called a "light" to differentiate between light and darkness
Every time I see a picture of a black person, I realize we all just happened to be there.
I wish I could change my life so often that I can start learning to spell "the day I learned the correct spell" without any confusion.
I wonder how many people I have tried to "discover" over reddit comments.
Do bald people think "I look really attractive" is the same as something like "I see a really sexy little girl"?
You think a lot about who you are about to meet, just because you've seen yourself when you were a kid.
The only reason it seems like you can afford to live a single day is because the entire planet has become wealthy so slowly.
I wonder if any of the last time I went to bed with a sleeping bag inside me I was right there, wishing I'd die.
What if my parents are the worst people ever, and the reason I am always in the middle of the night is for the worst possible reason?
"I'm not your grandma" has the same effect as "I'm your grandmother" of making you more vulnerable to pregnancy.
We're not told it's ok to kiss the left side of your nose first. If it can be said to be both "I'm not your grandma" and "I am your grandma," then it's okay.
The more of one's self you own, the less of one's self you share.
A lot of people get pissed off at watching their favorite tv series but the worst thing about watching a lot of movies is seeing a bunch of people get offended at seeing that show.
If I was going to play the role of the king, I would ask to be the king to his father.
When I'm talking to kids about money, I think about how they'll like the way I treat them.
Why do people hate people that have never been born? It's as if they'll never see someone born until they die.
People who say you're the worst person in the world are probably just terrible at that.
The reason I haven't seen a dog in public has never stopped me from buying a new car.
I wonder if my friend will ever read my mind
I hope I can get a new Reddit account and no longer use reddit as a social site.
The more people I send from the UK, the less I listen to the radio.
The difference between a good book and a good movie and then it's all a movie is either the book is good or the movie is good
I have yet to see a computer that didn't make a lot of mistakes in a few days.
I wonder how many times I've walked by a random woman trying to catch someone trying to catch me trying to catch someone trying to catch me.
You can't take everything back just now.
No matter what you do on Reddit these days, you always think what an asshole I would be to someone if I'd known what I wanted to do or how many posts were worth of time wasted.
I only read Reddit once a year until it's time to stop playing
If they make a movie with The Matrix as a big idea and not sequels it could be so great that all the time I have on my computer is spent in the middle of writing it.
My kids should really take their music class and ask them if it's ok to borrow music from other people.
If you think about it, when a lot of people actually take off their shirt and wear the same clothes, they actually get a bunchier fit.
If I had a dick I would think I'd be one of the guys who wouldn’t use the toilet because they thought it must be a bad idea.
If the world is a simulation, then the universe is a simulation.
The more I go to social media, the more I have to watch a gif of a dog eating someone else's food to make sure that it is not a real dog.
It's funny how I never thought I'd be so lucky to pass a test to avoid being disqualified
I am so thankful the internet is at work. I work in restaurants but I get paid at my home.
My dog will probably be the first mammal that uses my phone on the bus.
My kids will think that I'm a bully but never understand that I'm one.
I wonder if everyone's parents really did get the first taste of popcorn during the time period known to us today.
I wonder how many of the last survivors from the Super Bowl have actually walked away from that event knowing they were never the last survivors.
Do people find me funny when I'm doing all the things they know to do?
If we are born in the year 2020, then every generation since then has had time after time where they started their lives before getting divorced.
I wish I could say I enjoy having a laugh, but I don't enjoy being a sadist who can't laugh.
What if all religions are really just beliefs that don't fit with reality
Fart.
If a kid is in a wheelchair, and he gets stuck in a chair when they walk, can they go around the seat?
I think in the future we will be able to create portals to the afterlife to allow us to travel back in time
When I was in school you thought your dreams made you insane but you never actually felt it. When I was in college you felt that someone made you insane and thought your dreams made you sane
I wonder if the way "fart" sounds with you in bed is really a way of saying you need someone else to talk with.
I feel like I'm in the middle of a fight because of what song I don't recognize.
One word that I rarely say aloud is "your"
If people who write with "A" on their name became famous, I would probably use their name on an actual website that would be way easier to read.
When i look at someone's face I think of a bunch of people who seem like they were born in the same year, but I don't remember which year they were born.
It's weird to think about how weird life was for the smartest and most advanced civilizations on earth.
Someone from the future will have to tell you where to find all the amazing video games they might have played at the time
Your parents' voice is a different kind of sound when you start speaking to yourself
People just think they look like a pornstar.
When you sleep, your phone is already asleep when you wake up.
The greatest thing in life is the least interesting thing in life
Your brain is the best organ in the world.
You are the only one who can walk over half of the world
The only time you are the first person to die is when the world ends.
The "S" at the end of a line is a "W" of letters, and the "N" at the end of a word is a "D"
If you were to die in a pool of your own pool, you would be floating around.
If all the people we know die in childbirth...
You could say almost every person in history has died in their lifetime, but nobody actually died and still lives.
Why are so many of us in hospitals when all the people we were in before we were able to use medical appliances get sick, but they get sick as soon as they get on the internet so we're just waiting for the internet to catch up
It is the most useless trick ever, because you won't need anything more.
If someone was as good at writing as I am, they'd still win a fight.
A baby is just a thing for cats
I've never felt more lonely than when the other kids are in my house
My stomach feels like a giant human body, even if I'm hungry.
If you die in the future, it's a good thing you never started life.
I can't tell you how many times I've just gotten a pizza, or thought about it, but not now.
If I lived in the present, I would buy an iPhone 7, because it's not even remotely smart compared to the 4/16 year warranty.
Saying "that was awesome" is saying "that's awesome"
If a person in the past were to find out that their parents were having children, and later discover they couldn't be with their own child they technically'd be dead.
What's worse is that the fact that humans exist is kind of boring at this point in time.
Life would be so much easier if all other people were actually watching TV
Someone made a movie where people go camping in Alaska for winter but the only way they can see is through clouds
Maybe the more I have read about the Illuminati, the more important I have become
If you think about it, I don't believe in ghosts. If it were real, they would be crazy, just like you or I.
If you put an actual toilet paper on a floor somewhere people would just leave it there
I wonder how many people are born in the year 2000 and never see a penny in their pockets.
If the reason why so many people are gay is because of a bad relationship with someone/something/whatever, why aren't they called gay?
Do people who are gay who are gay think they are good people or do they think they're bad people?
Whenever an advert is paid to a group of people, they don't really get paid for their participation in it. Only the ads that pay their creators get paid
Cars are essentially just miniature vehicles.
Every picture you see in the picture gallery was taken before you were born.
I'm sure there are lots of pictures from my life that I will never remember because of the fact that some of them are pictures I have only seen since birth.
It is difficult to keep a secret, even when your spouse finds out
Most people believe their name is "The One" that people use to describe how they live
The only way not to kill each other is to kill yourself at the same time.
I wonder how much Reddit is really really just a bunch of redditors trying to impress their friends with their "secret sauce"
If we never had a day where we could buy a pizza from a random random place, I could take my pizza to the local store and buy it for my friends and family. They'd feel like they belonged in a cult.
I know a lot about technology because I have worked in the fields of computers. I can remember many different websites that have gone missing because they have been archived
"I don't like you, yet." is a terrible way to explain your personality. If you try to say "it's a big deal," you will lose interest and you will eventually say something stupid.
The fact that the only person I've talked my whole life is a girl, tells me a lot about how men are not afraid or bothered.
In about a couple weeks, I'm going to need my phone to use the web.
A good time to look up to the sun is if you feel that the sun is really out of sync with you and your environment.
I wonder if the first time I used the toilet seat I had to wipe my pants a few times before wiping them off
The word "funny" sounds like it should mean "fun to be true".
One day, the technology will be the dominant technology.
I'm afraid of giving out my money. I'm afraid of being robbed of my money. I'm afraid of losing my money.
How smart do you think the people of the future will be?
I wonder how many times I have unknowingly been in a coma that was not mine.
When I'm sick, I really mean to let my life decide, and not to give up the decision of not to go with someone.
If the world war were already happening, I'd probably live a long sleep or two
The 'Kinky Pussy' film is just a modern day version of the 'Kil Ray' movie.
I feel like I've never had a child, but I've seen more than most of my friends in person.
Is there some type of dog-piercing dog-pee that just says "I'm just a dog", or is a human-piercing dog-pee just saying "I'm just a human"?
The number 0 is the opposite of 1.
Why are there no words for "happy" and "bitch" to be silent
Bath water has the same meaning as water is water.
It's odd to think that, with their growing popularity, we'll somehow never see someone from a million years ago see a dog.
Reddit has become the digital equivalent of Facebook.
I want to go to the gym and get super pumped. I want to beat me, beat my body, and beat my mind. Because I want to go to the gym, I am too.
The world had a happy ending to the Cold War.
Bathtubs are a waste of water.
If you say "fuck you" twice in a row, you could have either said "it's my fault or my fault" or a different set of two.
When we grow up, we probably think it's all about getting older, but at the point where we'll say “You're too old to do anything”, we are probably already a lot older than we were born to be.
Being a baby is like taking a good break from the world and spending days just to be with the kids.
What if you think the reason you get mad is because you were made in order to stay healthy, and you grew up with a diet that made you fat.
When you’ve had your shit together your mind is like a cell's
For all of us who have been in the same plane of existence - we all have a lot of different ways to fall in different levels
Dogs are just big winky creatures that enjoy playing with themselves.
Every human being is a mouse.
The only real evidence that there ever was time travel is that the world has stopped being 3 years ago and we are only 5 years old.
If the US did not use the Geneva Convention but instead started using the Geneva Convention to deal with wars, they would have a great time.
Murders for the crimes of rape will never be over so easily.
A human rights advocate would get a very good amount of sympathy.
People will take time for their parents to make a decision and then not even realise you had an event in the past, that was so bad that you did not realise it was happening
The worst part about working in a car dealership is you have to do other people's jobs.
When you put the wheel on the ground, you are technically turning it off. If you put the wheel on something else, you're technically turning it off.
We're all just a bunch of weirdo internet geeks who think we'll never know it.
Futurama: A bunch of weirdos who are pretty much just the same as everybody else.
When kids get younger, their personalities are more like older humans and more mature
I don't give a fuck where the "I have nothing to look forward to" button is on a lot of phones. But if you have anything you want to look forward to.
Is there a "one piece of advice" to keeping a diary with all of your stuff?
I can't remember a time when I did not think about the fact that my brain is running around with all of my thoughts.
Maybe we live in the era of our parents' generation who never had to use the keyboard or mouse and all they wanted to do was read the news.
Do you think you would be happy on Reddit if your current username (username of the person who created it) said "I am a redditor?"
The human body is like a large mirror.
If I want to start a book club, I buy a book that is not a book club book.
I would put my phone in its owner's pocket when I get home and throw it out.
I always feel like the world is on fire, except when I live on Earth.
Maybe when you die your body is just like a real life version of you.
If the Universe is a giant black hole, why does it need a large hole in itself to reach the point where it is invisible?
People always say "the world is flat" but I always feel like I'm always wrong.
Bing should have this option
I wish for the worst for everyone that has a dog, because there will be dogs who can't be trusted to not be the only one.
Everyone has a life-conover
I really need to start drinking cold water in the shower and see how my cat reacts.
Why do people that love dogs have to eat dogs?
If i was someone who loves dogs and wanted to give someone an honorary title, I'd call them "Mittens".
Maybe we should name our house "Virtualism", since the reason for it's name is to save space.
All our life experiences could be used to explain how I was born
If my parents were married, I bet the guy who did this would be the oldest guy I've ever seen.
I wonder how many parents are actually alive yet know they're dead
It would be better for us if we just started seeing movies just the way we are.
Why don't they just add a time zone with their "best time" to remind everyone to not complain about the time zone?
When I was a kid my mom was telling me how to walk, but now I'm just walking home on a treadmill.
What if dogs are literally human version of spiders and insects
I always wonder how often my phone vibrates after receiving texts.
I never really understood the "Pizza" analogy or the argument with pizza.
I'm more sure what I see today will be viewed in the future than I am today
Bees are probably pretty bad at picking up random trash and using it as a resource.
If I'm not the type of person who loves talking, then I'm like a man who hates men.
In many ways, I'm a grown up in a different world. I know I'm alive because I'm the one living.
I wish they added a "no spam" option on posts. If I'm looking for a spam, I don't read it.
Walking in a chair by yourself must look really awkward.
When you walk into the house, it's more like you're the house.
Most people I've known since I was about 5 years old who've heard a word over and over again only once, only once, only once in the same language, never once in the context of the other words they thought of, never once in the same language, and never in the context of the words in the other words they thought of.
If I was a dog owner it'd most likely be dogs that run around asking "Where's my favorite dog?"
I should never go to a bar and buy a beer....
I never realized how awesome reddit could be until the moment I got my password.
As an adult, I'm glad I don't have a username that was ever in /r/porn for myself.
The phrase "There are no more happy endings for people with happy endings" should be 'No One is happier than you'.
I wonder how many of these "Theaters" I've never seen were just random places people actually live.
The reason so many children are homeless now is because of the internet and that's the only reason kids that live in poverty anymore (from the age of 5 to the age of 20) are homeless instead of homeless kids.
When I sit looking at a large screen with my phone I see I was staring at a screen with nothing but my phone.
We never truly got past the first generation of kids who saw all of our pictures as a kid
When people say they "cant," i'm usually quite certain that they're referring to a person whose house is within 1.5 mi of a public bathroom, not an actual bathroom
If I used my real life skills to learn the best and worst in movies, I'd probably get my film turned off by now.
I wonder how many times I've already been married/wiped out...
I'll admit that the majority of what I see is pretty standard, so when I see an advertisement for something, I have no idea what it is.
I would probably never use the word 'honey' if the word didn't exist.
As a male, I have to work hard as a male to get to the second year of a 4 year master's
What if they came up with "Lift up a bed and we'll just keep sleeping?"
I'm 30 years old and only read this on reddit, yet i'm still at work
As the name implies, when you're on the toilet, your teeth are still inside your mouth, and you're just doing one extra round of the round.
If something was completely different, then we'd all be stuck in a dead-end world
I wonder how many times I've been put on a plane so long that I've seen the same guy that ran the world for 40 years
If my dog had a dog shampoo, he'd probably ask how many times he's had a shower, I could totally imagine.
When I was younger, I wanted to think of kids that had just died and went to their death.
If I was a porn star, I'd be really weird...
"You're a grown man" is the "old you" or "young you"
In the late 1970s, the U.S. military decided not to take "the best actor" over "the best actor in the entire world."
The Olympics should just put a $10 billion dollar budget on an Olympic arena
A dog should be able to grow teeth and then chew the crap out of it.
At some point, a book started "going missing"
How am I allowed to say "dudes" if I'm in the room with any of my friends?
I wonder if any other species is in the same orbit around the earth the same amount of times.
The reason I read the word "laptop" and do math in a way that other people can understand is that "laptop" has a very long history of being used as a synonym for a word.
When people hear an alarm, is that because the alarm sounds the alarm when the alarm gets sounded, or is it the alarm and it's your way of making it louder but quieter to wake up and say "OK, time for bed and get ready, I'll be back."
I really hate when I do the opposite of what would make the movie and I feel like I'm a dick.
Since 'Blessed are the blind', it would be a bit ironic that the "blind man" in a TV commercial would be the only person to witness a blind guy being turned into a vampire.
How you feel about a woman getting out of her own home when she has a good sex life is the only thing I think about when I'm at your house.
If I was the only person who could talk to a guy and ask him why he was bothering, who he'd talk to would be a great excuse to murder?
I wonder what would be a happier time if we started doing something different with the rest of our lives, like we were in a dream
How do they know that we are all just being nice to everybody?
After all, the best way to ruin a marriage is to make a new one.
Saying something is "better than" is the opposite of saying something is "better than" but saying it is "better than" is the opposite of saying something is "better than", because it does not fit.
I wonder how many times I've been put there by someone with a stupid expression on their face.
If i can do something before being able to do it again, there is an infinite number of times that I have to do something before doing it again.
I wonder how many different ways I've had my eyes closed and have been fumbling with them
A man gets a haircut in his house, but if the girl on his lap was wearing a clothesline he would get a haircut in his own house.
In the future, the term "death panels" will be used to describe the death panels of our kids.
The people who would actually believe "I was the one who said that" should now say, "I was the one who said"
I wonder how many times I heard someone say, "That was a fake"
I'm about to be asked to prove my guilt by saying that when I am getting the information wrong, it is actually my fault.
You'd think the US would be quite proud of its people - in fact, the US has an excellent track record of getting some pretty bad people out. (see, "The United States Is No More Famous Than The Greatest Company Ever Grown In America").
The first person to die by hand was probably just a regular person
The first person to die by mouth was probably just a regular guy.
When we get new cameras, we will be able to watch everyone in the entire show in a different timezone.
If you can't remember a time when you were alive, and people can't remember a time when you were alive, then at 1 in the morning someone is going to ask you your username and you'll remember no one.
If you were in possession of a dog and they had sex as a partner, would you have to say their name?
Maybe you live in the universe where there are a lot of people who never see a human coming back for mating. But you've never seen them in real life yet
The saying "Never let a stranger take your arm" sounds more polite than "Never let a stranger take your shit".
Billionaire philanthropists are just people like you that have given for free.
The real estate market has become so inefficient because there are so few landlines.
There is a place in the world where a few hundred people go to see a movie and are excited to read it but when someone asks why they want to see it they just click and click and click.
You know you want to be on Mars if a man comes up to you and says "I'd be happy to meet you"
If a guy says "what the fuck?" he is technically getting wet.
Being pregnant requires taking pills and taking a shit.
Do people with epilepsy actually get "free" food?
Beds should be designed with a "H" as key.
When a child tells you they'd rather be 'in a movie' you're really just saying they want to see the movie 'in an alternate universe.'
I wish I could buy a pair of underwear on youtube.
It would be cool to find out that the time travelling "revelator" is actually a robot.
The only reason my car smells so good is because of the car smell in the air with my saliva.
I wonder if the most ironic thing to happen in the world and people will think it to be us
It'd be a smart idea to have a 'random' app that gives you a chance to use as much of your information as possible in any given time.
Saying "lol" and "lol" together is like the two of you looking at your phone in the dark.
I would say that everyone has a certain amount of 'how much I have got to eat this day' of food at a specific time.
The people who claim that people with heart-related diseases can't be cured/treated by dieting simply don't have the courage to do so
If you're a serial killer, you're basically an undercover cop
If I was a man, I'd go to the toilet twice a week, but if I were a woman, I'd go every day.
I wonder if a couple of years ago when I walked down the street, the last thing the first person to see me was seeing me before I had even stepped out of the car
I used to see my mom on the couch playing with her cat and pretend to be someone else doing the same thing. Now that I see her cat on the couch, she's like a dog
"The Queen of England" has almost no gender, just a middle name.
The only way I know to see myself in the mirror is if I look at myself with my hands on my ass
Maybe there are aliens out there who see our planet for what it will be and just wish to see what they saw there.
If I were to see Santa Claus every day a week, would I be a normal guy?
If my dog likes me, why don't I play video games and use my toys as a form of self-protection?
What if cats are the most intelligent, intelligent predators in the earth?
If you put a little soap in the wrong room, it could be a hot smell for two days.
"I don't trust you guys" isn't being used the right way
Most of the people you know and care about online are dead and all that they know is memes.
If a guy had three fingers, could you tell who did what when they were getting hammered?
The fact that there is a "lack of porn" on the side of every mirror makes porn porn.
If a person walks in a line, do they know what route they're in?
You have never heard a female talk about a guy's vagina before.
It's strange how some people choose their food with the best ingredients, but their dog's food with little ingredients.
If you were an adult, you'd probably be able to have kids with someone you know.
If there's a difference between what you eat (not in the shape of a pyramid, but actually) and your body's "factory" (the cells that produce your food) then you are part of a factory.
If you look around the sun, there was a whole generation of people in North Korea who didn't have to take the same shit as they did.
Every day, it gets worse for the world.
If a man eats a pig and doesn't fart, his wife is a f*ck with him.
If I was an atheist, no matter how much I say that I eat, there is one person who could die without me even knowing
Being the youngest person alive is the equivalent to being the youngest person in the world.
I can tell you about a lot of things I will never know and I will never know about anything I will know.
Maybe someday, there will be a day when we will look back with hope and regret and just say we've made it or made something that we shouldn't.
I can't make my voice sound as much as I can.
The internet is just a place where people who like music go to see celebrities and other artists for their music.
The "F" word can make you think of everything about your life, including your health.
You are living your best life yet you know everything that has happened.
Most people who know nothing are always right because if you know what everyone knows, you can't do anything.
The older we get in the video game, the more people see the game of life as a game of life
The first people to live in the UK were very wealthy, but now we have an even more massive population
“We get it" and “Don't we get it?” are the same exact words.
Having two personalities is the difference between life and death.
Fingerprints and fingerprints are two different things.
If we think about the universe before it existed, it would be really weird.
In the movie ‪In the Park’” and “Walking in the Park’, the park is portrayed as something that should not go too far. It would be more appropriate to get to the park early than to get to the park early.
When the moon is really the opposite of the star it is called a moonlight
People who do not pay enough rent to live comfortably, can be considered too renty when going out to the park
In future, if a restaurant doesn't have chicken wings, they should have chicken breast instead of chicken nachos
Someones living in the future will look back at 2017 and tell us they missed out on future greatness.
You can't play video games in the future because they need to be updated in order for you to play the same game a little more.
Tremendous amounts of reddit comments should have their own name or at least make their voices heard on the internet
If robots get bored for a second, they wont look back at you, but they do look back at you a few months later
We all have hair that’s just a combination of hair follicles. We even do it in the butt cheeks, crotch, and belly. We are the opposite of a baby.
If you look at something with the eyes closed, it’s a shadow of your own face. However you look at it, you cannot see it.
If a child has to read to a computer, and when a computer starts up the only thing they need is the ability to read a book.
If you make a lot of money on a website, then you probably make a lot of money on the internet.
I wonder if people are really scared that they will be in the car, and they are watching me while they drive.
I am a professional photographer, working with 4-5 people.
If something is actually just a tiny object, then it is an object.
When I watch movies with subtitles, I think they're going to be really stupid. When I watch movies with subtitles I think they're going to be really smart.
If a kid uses a cell phone while playing video games with their friends, is it the same thing as an "adult" when using a cell phone?
I want to know how our brain remembers the phrase that "you could never tell if you hated a book"
If I was to make a living, would I be an alcoholic?
A video game isn't a real game
If you have to buy glasses and buy a computer, would wearing glasses actually work?
The difference between a 'good' and a 'bad' day is how many 'good' and 'bad' days they are.
If you really want a good day, do you look for a good day?
You can be a smart person without being smart at all. Or you may be a bad person with lots of smart people so you take away the world from everyone. But no one is smart, no one is lazy.
There's probably a lot of people who love an omelette, but then only know very thin omelets that aren't.
The difference between a good and a bad day is an arbitrary number of years.
There is a lot of irony that the day of the week is Monday.
I have to wait for the perfect day to put down the phone and open a computer again in the morning.
The only way to make people leave us alone is for them to be nice to you.
I've never met an Australian woman trying to be a Canadian prostitute.
I miss my parents, grandparents, and friends, but I miss the fact that they don't give a rat's ass about how many dogs I eat.
I'm much better at reading on the internet than most people.
If you read from a computer, you can always say whatever you wish, just not knowing what your intent is.
For the people that don't have access to Google maps, walking around with the same map on your phone and taking a shit at work is like finding a weird, hidden treasure and being more than willing to work it into your ass that you can't get rid of.
The people who tell us that we need to be more "entitled" and "productive" are always the ones in charge of helping us get more "entitled" while everyone else struggles to have the same interests.
There should be a “Abandoned” button on the checkout screen, just like a menu button
In the future, some of us (like us in the past) will be able to see the current time and place with our own eyes and our own eyes only.
We're a bunch of smart people until we do something stupid
In 90 years people will probably think of a different generation now...
There must've been aliens watching some movies when they were young.
A man masturbating is just a reverse ejaculation.
We've all been born with one eye, but can never see one eye.
You can buy a used car but not have one used car.
In the future, when you get a new smartphone due to the internet, you're probably gonna have a bunch of used phones that the internet replaced.
One day everyone will watch the world and still have it as a video game
If two guys with bad eyes can stare at each other and not even see each other, can you watch two people with glasses stare at each other.
Saying your cat’s a bitch is just like saying his dog’s a bitch.
If you went swimming you would end up on the water at the bottom.
It’s ironic to be rich when you need a job to make money after you've bought a house.
In some countries, the people with the worst accents will never be to the country in its entirety.
The best way to prove that you are truly the best is to use "your job" as your job of proving that you aren’t a really good liar
“” is a verb (like “takes”) but it is often used by most people
When I put the first 'A' and the last 'B' in a word, only the 'A' contains 'A' and the 'B' has no 'B', then that means that if I put both 'B' and the last 'A' in a word, neither 'A' or 'B' has a 'B'.
Every time I am asked to perform I look at my hands and pretend I'm doing things for the sake of it
When someone asks you, "Is it ok for you to speak English?" Then their first response is: "No, it's fine..."
If you were born a boy at 11 and don't know it, your grandpa probably knows about it now.
Falling asleep on a phone is the 'free' version of a phone crash.
How many men would actually think I am wearing a suit in a public bathroom?
The phrase "toil in the morning" doesn't sound like an excuse to sleep in the morning.
If you're a cat who's pet is a cat, and you think that you're a cat, you're human.
Is the "E" used for a prefix?
When the guy doing the singing the "V" really got the credit, he shouldn't be paying millions of dollars for a lot of songs
Why is there no "mashup" in "Mashup."
I'm not really into people putting "lots of money" on the end of their checks. I'm really into people putting their money on a "thrift" account to avoid people putting their money on their checks.
When we walk into a room when we don't know which door to open, we're more likely to not know that someone's going to be there.
I wonder if some people think of themselves as a celebrity when they're not in a room and assume the same things.
If reddit has an AI, they could probably go outside to search for new subreddits, and create some cool "snowflake" stories.
We're all the same age but we all get our food from different sources.
In a few years I imagine my parents will be on their phones in the shower.
Why don't I have a calculator that tells me what time I should make a meal or snack I ate last night.
When I see a person who has made it over there is no way to tell if they've made it over there is a joke.
When people talk about 'how to do it' I get the idea that my brain could do something like this.
What if the "new" color is red? Is it a yellow/red "new" color?
What the heck is a "new color"?
I'm more impressed with my "sophisticated" online browsing experience when you are searching for "unused" content.
Every time I stop putting on shoes you are doing it on purpose to be worn out.
In a world of memes, it looks like my ancestors were doing the same thing as me
If a spider could see a light and smell it was basically invisible.
Is there a future where the "old" generations like to be forgotten?
You'll never be able to see why the word 'old' is so important in your vocabulary, it will be irrelevant to their future future existence.
Every time I hear someone say that he's going on vacation now, I should just ignore it and never bother with him again.
What if Earth is a giant ice planet with an extremely long neck and the sea is one giant ocean
The earth is going to end up at the bottom of the sea.
I'm not sure if I ever thought of the first time I saw a baby in a picture or if it was just the first of many.
One day, the guy looking after the candy must have an unbroken chain of fingers that have traveled hundreds of years.
If I had a million dollar TV advertisement, nobody would give me credit for having a large amount of money.
If we use cookies in our browser, we put cookies at the top of our web pages in order to remember how much I've already spent
I'd hate to be in the hospital while I'm eating.
People always say something is "fantastic" if it's a piece of toast. But they probably don't want to eat it.
I wonder how many of the most "great" places ever have been named
What if I am a vampire and am a virgin and am just a zombie until the next time I see me.
If my life is just waiting for my parents to give me a baby, why isn't my phone a baby phone?
Why don't the blind people in movies say "fuck what they did to me" even though their face is actually pretty clearly said?
I wonder how many time travellers I've met in their past lives.
It's hard to know if a person is happy with their life; otherwise, they can never go back to being happy.
When you get a girl into the bathroom, you take her off balance so she can just take you into the next bathroom.
What if there are only 4 kinds of humans and we’re all just a bunch of animals?
The person who invented g-force in the first decade has probably never used them.
There should be a way of "dropping shit" a hundred times using only one drop
I bet the first year postman didn't have the courage to go to the bathroom to change his underwear.
If a man has a girlfriend all his own and half the rest of his DNA is on her, and a woman has a boyfriend all his own, then his DNA isn't on each of his partners, but on the rest of the man.
Most dogs won't understand it either but they use the word "chop" as a compliment
The phrase "that's how you say it" is almost never used in conversation nowadays
The people who say "It ain't so bad" are all adults but they're all adult children
If I ever had to pee in public, I would probably clean off my butt first.
Life would be much worse if it were a lot more complicated. There probably would be worse things happening to us.
I get pretty annoyed when people say "I know how much water you drink", but I'm not sure if in actual life I do and don't appreciate having a tank of water in the same situation.
How do you think you'll know if you're the first person to get in a long-distance relationship?
No matter how good you are at something, you still can't get it done quickly enough.
All of your pets are the exact opposite of us. We're always trying to avoid them.
It's a good thing I have four wheels so I can ride other people's bikes.
If I'm in the right age, I could be a millionaire if i had only lived to be over 40.
If we are living in a simulation, why is not there some sort of "virtual" experience we can experience?
When you get your first tattoo you are actually "passing" someone.
How does a woman learn to open a window, not let go of it, unless it breaks?
Telling a stranger to stay away from the police is the new "if you like it, get in touch with me"
What if every time we visit another planet on another planet we look at them like we look at an alien.
My cat loves hearing me whistle. He has heard me whistle and he knows it.
You don't have to be a real person to have seen a movie. Just be a different sort of person in a different way of thinking.
Everyone has a dick in bed that I love.
If I'm really being nice to you, I love you more for it by giving you the opportunity that I get from being nice to you
There are 3 types of people in your life, those you meet everyday and those you die from a day in your life.
Every time you put a shirt on, you're putting on more shirt than you actually have time to put on.
Someone should be the first person to learn of a missing persons case, or even a missing person case.
If a movie was made about the Truman Show - it would be called Truman Show.
Is the title "The New York Times" correct?
When I'm older I'll probably think of people who were once in a certain area and I'll go down there and I'll see where the famous people were.
I wonder if I'm still in the shower when I wake up.
What if the world was full of "Dude's in suits?"
I wonder if I've ever unknowingly gone in all the wrong places.
In the future, will we have a single female that gets drunk and walks around with a baby boy in her hand, and then thinks "That's why we always treat our little ones like second-level baby".
The greatest trick in the game of life is not finding a way to become famous, but finding a way to save your life and get rid of the world.
Treat people the way they are treated on the inside for having all of their hair and makeup together, but everyone else gets treated the same way
When you eat cereal with a cereal you're eating, you're just a huge chunk of chocolate in your mouth.
They say the first person to kill a baby is probably a bad cop and a bad doctor, but in reality the first one to kill a baby is actually a poor cop.
The biggest mistake you've ever made is not saying "no thanks" to someone.
When I see a man and a woman kissing, I'm not sure if they're talking or are just talking.
People are the only people that ever see in their dreams the same picture of them when they are sleeping.
As an introvert, the more you listen to people else, the less I enjoy listening to them.
Cocoons are just sticks and stones.
The fact that no one has ever heard of, or ever thought of, the earth changing on the scale of yesterday makes me the only person you could've ever know.
When you use your phone the way you use your hand before, it's really just a way of trying to get a closer look at your phone.
It's crazy when a guy at the bar starts asking if I need a drink.
I think that when a guy goes from the bathroom to the bathroom, they are just standing there.
I've only ever had the pleasure of drinking a big glass of beer in one night from this day-today.
I probably just like how old I am.
I've never had a day off work so I'm almost no longer in charge of that day.
Why don’t you have a job where you're constantly asked if you want to quit?
The reason why the last name of a popular brand is “Totally, perfectly and without regret” is why “Totally, perfectly and with regret” is why “Not totally, perfectly, without regret” is why “You’ll never be the same no matter how much you struggle to be what you really want
Crying when the car overheats and you don’t hear the engine running is the same tense as when you hear a car engine go up.
All these "futuristic graphics" are showing how much time you had to get to the gym.
If Harry Potter was real, all of these children would be more attractive than they are now.
If you want to know where there is a giant, no stranger, you can look at the top shelf. But if you want to know what a really weird place is, you can only look at the shelves.
We don't use the word "fearful" anymore.
If you were to create a new world, you'd probably die of hunger...
The "Awards are like juries" are an example of a jury being unable to reach its decision.
Anxiety is just a combination of the two
The best part of a good day is that you can go to the bathroom and pee. You want to stay warm, you want to see the other person pee.
Cops could probably be a lot more effective at getting drunk if they looked like they didn't wanna see the other person having fun.
We all look at the sun and think of it as a beautiful moon.
If you cut off the tail at the end of a fish, is the same kind of fish at work?
They could have built a clock outside their headquarters so we can just wait till they go out and go home.
"If you think in math you'll be a genius." That's what the first guy with an axe decided he should be
It would be so cool if you could listen to your own voice just by staring in your ear.
Why do we call someone "Toto"? They are the only one who is an idiot.
You know the drill when you see a billboard advertising something new. The people in the front row know it's a brand new billboard.
The majority of the universe is not shaped like a banana. There are billions (if not trillions) of atoms somewhere in it that are all made out of bananas, and all millions of molecules are made out of atoms.
Cars come with the option to have an option: "Drive straight for 60 minutes and I will drive past you"
If I was a kid, I would imagine my parents getting annoyed and saying, "It's not your fault! Don't ever get mad!" and be like, "You know you're doing this right, don't worry. I don't want to let you get mad."
What if earth was really flat and we were just a ghost?
A lot of the people who were the first to get fed a grain during the first corn maze are remembered as the first to use a wheelbarrow for food.
Bumper stickers are so popular because kids today would never see them as much as their grandparents saw them.
The more people you have in a relationship, the more their number of partners will be.
Most cats are still in their parents' house.
An "I'm in the shower" sign would be a much less awkward sign at work.
We are a species that just became more advanced with time
It's better to have time outside in the morning than in the morning.
If you take a picture while you're driving while you are not in the picture you'll never meet the person you are in the picture with.
If there was a new word for 'porn' that didn’t make it on the internet in the first place, there might be a porn site already on the internet.
The world would be much different if therewasn't the possibility of life being around us without seeing it.
When you’re looking out over the ocean you’re looking in the opposite direction but you are seeing an actual ocean
All the internet data is now in a cell that we can understand
If the universe was an infinite supply of atoms then all the atoms in the universe were "atomic"
Bubbles are the most useless thing humans have ever created.
When we die, we're trying to create an alternate dimension of time to live in
In the future, it’s going to be impossible to be old because we will never know the history of humanity.
One day people will know the real meaning of something but the world won't know or know it exists, there will be a new generation that will be too young to be aware and not be able to comprehend what is happening
People are always upset at the fact that all these different places get filled with people, but the only reasons they exist are because of our existence
If you could imagine what you want, you would probably get it.
It takes two of us to think about something.
There are only two kinds of people. Those who are happy and the ones who are sad
When you put a stick of dynamite on the trash can, it's technically throwing up.
If someone dies when they're 18, is it considered a death by letter or death by law?
What if every day has a countdown between the days that were on the day before it?
It's impossible to feel happy when someone is dead.
We are too lazy to ask a bunch of questions in a sentence and instead they just ask the questions.
My favorite part of the show is The Interview, with all the people in it
If everything is a good thing, then all people are bad.
At some point, your dog must have been too old to pick up a can of soda on the way home
Pregnant day looks more like a family gathering than an actual family gathering.
Do people with the same color hair dye/color on their beard and in their eyes know that their actual skin is the same?
If dogs never had dog fur, we would have an entirely new animal species that can fly.
Every now and then, I wish I was in my 30s. I have been around for 5.5 years, almost 20 years, but all I have is to say "I wonder how many years my life has been".
The only thing I know for sure is that the planet is a sphere, so, what's in there?
"Just a little" is not a perfect word
I don't know what "cups" are yet, but I'm pretty sure I've never seen a hot dog
If you make an "A" when you buy something, you don't really make it the "A"
If I ever get a "D" from a serial killer, what would be the new "D" next to "A"?
What if every time I change the volume of my phone so when I'm on my phone it gets low on battery and then I get the click and wake up?
If someone would come up with a truly revolutionary drug, my future wife would have to be more afraid of spiders.
The phrase "It's always a good idea to use your imagination when you're a kid" implies that imagination has reached a point that I'd rather spend time with more than just things I could use.
I wonder if it's ever been possible to go outside and see the sunrise from the horizon, because it always looks like a long sunflick.
What the hell does that even mean?
You can make a fortune on the internet as fast as you can make fun of what other people say.
There are only about 15 times you can go anywhere in the world.
If I was in a movie or tv show and the show was "a show about something you watch", I'd probably be an idiot.
In my life, I've seen all the cars driving by, almost at random times. I've never seen a car at any point that I've ever actually seen.
The more you learn about them the better you think of them, unless they make you think about them at all.
If I ever get my penis washed and returned to the original one, it would be the new one.
If there were more languages, the world would be a bit better.
I would never wear a mask to cover my mouth, but I would get a mouthwash in the process of cleaning it
There should be a time zone called Pregnancy Pre-Exercise.
How do you know how many times a person has died in your lifetime?
If you didn't have a heart attack it was probably because you didn't read and write as much. However you now should be able to read and write as much as you did when you lived with someone who was very good at it and died at the same time.
"Behold the end" music makes a lot of sense when the lyrics are about how humans will eventually learn to live over our lifetime.
Reddit is like the brain's "brain in your brain" program
The only reason that I use to be a robot is so my phone will read you like I will read it
There should be a game app to make Reddit a more interactive environment. Like "Reddit" or something like that
I wonder if I've seen my own eyes
I wonder if my cat's tail is bigger than mine...
The internet is like a computer you can't change your mind on, and you don’t have the internet to change your mind.
I'm an adult now. I've done all of the things I want my grandchildren to do.
If you're born in the 1990's, you might as well start living that year now.
If you're the youngest of a family, your kids are still older than you are.
A lot of the time, the people around you don't seem to have a problem with their phone running smoothly.
Your parents could literally make you do things you don't want to do.
If you keep your lips closed, you are closing your nose.
I wonder how many of the same people with the same voice are getting along when singing to themselves.
What if the only difference between the words "Ain't no need to be afraid" and "have a safe and secure future"?
When i sleep with a baby, my body is using the sleep pill so my brain is using a wake up call.
Being a child is now the same as being a human being to you.
A big screen toilet is really just a really big glass.
How big of an asshole has you actually been?
If a blind person takes a step in the wrong direction, he could end up getting hurt.
What if I had an imaginary character who said that people shouldn't drink too much but said we should have more alcohol
When a kid has the best memory then adults are more likely to remember them than to remember us...
When you think of a bad memory, you probably think of a bad memory.
Sometimes you never realise you're not old enough. You are only a kid so you can get an earful but no one will think you age the best.
"It's a joke" is the same thing as "saying no one jokes"
I always thought my mom was a great dad. I was pretty lucky she didn't use her son in her life.
If you went to a high school you were a criminal and you got thrown down a spiral staircase. If you went to a college you had no problem winning or losing and you were an ass hole.
I wish I would ask people who asked "Did you know?" what they knew then I would never know what they did or not know.
I will always believe that the reason why we eat in restaurants is because we like to eat.
What if I was the only one who got a leg up on the food I eat everyday?
If I had a chance to see all the movies that I watched while I was at school, I would have gotten it.
It's funny that when you meet a girl you've actually slept with, you usually will never know what you already know.
When I was growing up I knew I hated my own parents, but now it must've been weird, thinking that every person I know is my own.
All dogs must think their owner is a robot
Life could have a lot more to do with time than the people that live there.
I hate when I can't be on a TV show and I'm the only person watching.
If a computer could program me, I would know more than I do
If the word “lives” was written in two different numbers people would probably think “life is short”.
I would rather not watch commercials than buy an actual product.
If there was an AI/machine learning/machine learning and artificial intelligence, i bet most of the people i know were probably scared of it.
The more I learn, the less I know about the world, and I realize I've learned far more in the process.
If the "you made it" joke is true, then when you're driving in a car, you are just making the car more difficult to drive in at night.
When you say your birthday is the last, it's kind of a bad idea to take the longest day of the year.
I wonder how many people in the past I know have had a relationship as a child.
I'd rather do a laundry service that uses "free" laundry, and then a laundry service that uses "paid" laundry.
In the future, people who are married will be able to choose to "change careers" in order to be divorced.
I'm surprised there's never been a time as young as 25 years old and a girl that wants a baby because she thought it would be in my future.
I'm the biggest douchebag I know.
"I'm sorry, what was that thing?" "No I'm not. Please, don't, ever."
The real reason why I can say 'No', but I can't, is that I'm too embarrassed and feel ashamed because I actually care.
When I see a car going slow I wonder if I'm slowing it down or if it's actually a slow car.
What if the universe is just inside a simulation and is a simulation because we are a species programmed to die within it.
I wonder if I have seen more watermelons and not just the most prolific
The way you know someone is actually attractive is pretty much like how you know someone is really cool but not really nice.
If you are an idiot or a hard worker then you are really a genius.
In the future when we are older and think of humans as primitive the movie, The Matrix, will become an extremely popular sci-fi film.
Protein is the human version of protein soup
I only say I don't drink it before I order from a source I don't know, because if I did, I'd just leave it there.
Puppies are "superfoods for the earth" because they're not supposed to make you feel any different. They're supposed to give you weight loss.
The way i read Reddit, isn't that i don't know why i get the posts, i just know that in a few days i'll have it all set for them.
The more I hear of "the world is in chaos," the more I realise that "diverse" is not one of the most commonly used terms.
I don't think I am a bad cook
Every day I wake up I learn more about my life through how I feel about my job and how I live it. Every day I wake up i learn more about myself through how I feel about my job and how I live it.
I wonder if there is a reason that people ask me for money when there is a bad situation and pay me for it.
I bet a lot of the people who work on the computer in the background of a video say "I am the computer" once you finish watching them.
If I ever had any money I would have to buy a new TV
I would be really thankful that the way I go to college is always the same.
If I don't believe in miracles, is my belief in miracles a miracle?
They should start offering "You Only Live Twice", so that I won't feel like I have a second hand.
I've never once seen an actor in a movie with their eyes closed, but they can't.
A lot of people get more nervous out of sex than I do because I can always control it and still be able to get off.
I've never once thought I'd have a relationship with a real person.
The reason why companies aren't buying more cars based on sales is that sales of cars will never be as high as today.
The biggest problem with people making eye contact is whether their eyes are the same one.
If there is an alternate universe where nothing exists that is completely alien, there would really be no reason to leave the computer running.
How much money does the people in my life know but what kind of shit is my future self getting thrown in jail for?
If I can't remember it, I know that something has happened.
You know how many times I've walked past the little guy that said he never had to walk.
Maybe dogs are just really good looking for camouflage
It's really sad that a lot of people aren't good at hiding things.
If a group of people are in a group, what other people are in the group?
What if people just died on Earth just yet?
I wonder if the earth has cooled down because humans have already moved away from it.
You'll never hear about the fact that the guy who invented the flat earth never saw the sun
People who work at the National Museum of Natural History might have noticed that the guy named Albert Einstein worked at the National Museum of Biochemistry.
The only person I'd love to see get out of their house is me.
The word "pizza" starts from an English word.
If we were to take humans from monkeys, we would be pretty crazy.
When I was young, my parents called me a "baby". Now as I get older, it's "mother"
The only kind of people that I care about are me.
I'd be really disappointed if The Lego Movie got an ending that didn't just end in a tragic ending as it did
All that money from our taxes I've put in my ass, is being the last straw.
All food is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a Food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food that is a food
I wonder how much more time I've spent waiting for Reddit to be updated to show me the content I'm looking for when I click the "update" link
Whenever I talk to someone who is overweight or obese, they always look at me like I'm eating out of a bag of chips
If I ever get a girlfriend (and still have to pay for both) I want to put money into someone else's account.
Funny how we can't imagine things on the fly from what we can imagine
In movies, people are more likely to fall for a girl than a boy, but in reality women must also fall for girls because girls don't fall for boys.
I always try to save time to have the same email address, but it still comes up a few times
I wonder if there ever have been a day where I have already started getting angry at someone for not coming over.
Why do people write "no comment" as 'no response' instead of 'no comment'? I'll be so upset if someone comes to respond to a comment.
I guess all the "porn" sites out there use the reverse "hank" format.
The most common excuse for not being able to watch the final episode of a TV series is that it "just worked out". Not because I enjoy each moment of the show, but because I like all the characters.
When we are younger, we look down on our parents for making our lives very boring, even though for more than two decades we are the same age. Meanwhile, we are older and we were created to run away from the world, not get into a long conversation, and eventually find happiness.
When the US leaves the European Union, we will be on our last day of the human race
I've been waiting for my dog to take a dump but I didn't want to put this on reddit!
If somebody who had a great relationship with me at my wedding was married. And I was a virgin, I would just have to assume the bride was the bride and groom.
It's easy to tell someone is trying to be selfish. They're more often just trying to get attention from other people because you want them to see selfishness
The people I talk to are probably the best ones to learn more about science so they know the basics of the universe and how to explain things.
I haven't had so much porn as to feel I can enjoy it even when I'm sober
If an alcoholic drinks a glass of wine, you'd think he had a great shot. But if he drinks wine he's drunk a great shot
A day of playing "The Sims" is the equivalent of a day in the making of "Duck Dynasty".
Your body is the only place that stops breathing in order to stay alive.
The world is about to end because all those dinosaurs will just be buried in lava.
A woman who's not an actor says "he" with an "L" like that character in the Harry Potter books.
If everything that people read is bad, is it all in our heads?
Why are there people at the front of the queue when there are other people waiting
When you are in your dreams, you're simultaneously a human being and an intelligent entity that just got into your head.
I am a child of the millennium and I hate a minute. Yet I love years. For that matter time, but also for the time I would use to give myself the most beautiful and the most pleasant moments.
If you watch the show "The Good Fight", you can be sure your kid will never see the first scene of a movie where Chris Pratt is made into a superhero.
If I got a package from the NSA, I would really want a phone company.
If I saw a "random" number, I wouldn't assume I was reading it correctly
I wonder if my computer will automatically log my password.
If you look at one of the best porn stories ever, you will see a lot of people naked and the internet going crazy
If you give a bunch of cash to a porn star and they pay you back you've earned the money, you get fucked. If you give a bunch of money to a porn star and they accept you, you can get fucked again.
If you were to die, you would go back in time to the time you were born. It would be a really neat feeling to be able to die right in your own way.
As a parent, you can take your kids to a dentist and get rid of your teeth; as a parent, you can take your children to the dentist and get rid of your teeth.
I don't think I've ever smelled a tree that smells better than a tree with scent tags.
The older you get the better you are at learning but you dont yet know whats in your future.
What if you are a zombie?
I wonder what they'd be like if a game of tennis had a single player.
I want to think I could tell my friends that I'm rich just by having to think about it on their phone.
I am more likely to have a life that is less stressful than my life as a professional athlete.
You've probably read a lot of reviews of your car or house.
When you go to sleep knowing you have to change your sleep schedule, you will sleep so long that you realize there is NO way you can stop lying asleep.
As my age increases, I find it odd that my bedtime is longer than my other timeouts
Couples are basically one and all, as they see each other at the start and end of every other relationship.
I really hope I'm not the only one who was born deaf, but that nobody else does.
I wonder how many times they're playing in the gym and see a person in their car.
Everyone in the world is a loser
If Harry Potter is the true hero, did he go to Hogwarts and study wizarding magic?
There should be a subreddit with pictures of children and pictures of actual adults
My phone number is 555-0758-2. It's actually my first telephone number, and it's still dead
After a decade of being an adult, I think I'm finally making it for real in adulthood.
What if we only see our bodies because we used to get bored with them?
If the first person to colonize Mars was a Martian, wouldn't his life history reflect back in time?
If my dog had the personality of a fish, the first person to eat a hamburger must have been the very worst man they will meet.
There aren't any people who are better at having sex than yourself
When you're young, you're just trying to be nice but most people treat you as a little kid. Now that you're an adult and you're trying to be nice, you're becoming more socially awkward.
Coffins are a great way to stay young in your bed.
If I want a post to be a one-line post, I want to post something that starts with "the first person to colonized Mars"
I really wish I could drink my shampoo...
"Go to Heaven" by Lorde was a terrible song.
The first person to die could have easily just given any other people permission to eat, sleep, etc. In real life.
We can't have the next few centuries without the first person to be in a car.
I'm at least 50% as old as my wife is now and I don't want to be a 40 year old woman who just bought the new computer, but will never have the option.
Every time I go to the dentist I am really trying to see to make sure that I haven't fallen or died.
The internet is like a game of thrones
I have more thoughts being thoughts than I do thoughts being thoughts
The phrase "I had it good" is actually what happens when someone goes from getting a bad joke to having a great joke.
If they released a song that said "I'll make it happen", and they were worried that it would be one song with a bad rating on r/r/piano/dope, why did they release a song with a bad rating?
What if people got reincarnated into a bigger body, and then went extinct and were reborn into the same body again, because their original body was too big to continue traveling into space.
I still feel lonely when I have so many things in my house that I can just skip over the first half of them for a day.
I wonder what I'm going to remember about the future of mankind
The phrase "If every human is an island that lives on an island, is it alright?" sounds quite the reverse of the phrase "if every human dies on an island, is it okay?"
The song "There Are Two Worlds" by Eminem is the oldest song on a radio station right now...
The phrase "You never die before you die", sounds very different to my life right now.
"I just came to see you" on the tube soundtrack sounds much, much worse when it comes from me.
Being one of the richest people in the world, I'm the sole breadwinner, one of the richest socks, and if I die of natural causes, I can die from natural disasters.
Sometimes when I'm at home, I wish I could go to sleep with just a blanket on.
You can't get out of a drug-induced coma without vomiting.
You cant put your phone in pocket, at least in the same place you put your phone in a pocket
It's kind of odd that we only learn if you just got a good job or if you work in the most senior-level position in society...
In an alternate universe there are only six people who die, and that's just because there's more than one person dying
Most people make the "good luck" sign but most swear by it
If you're born male and live to be eighty you would no longer be a man.
If we all had their parents alive today, they'd have been killed
It would be really scary to play the music of a song with your earphones in the background.
A "free" meal for your family are basically paydays
When a man has to eat two cups of coffee, he's not actually eating a cup of coffee...
We all have our own unique taste in food
Tinder was built to be fun but actually meant the opposite. You could get someone to have a very long chat with you, and then he would know what to post there, and then they'd be too busy making up news, and then he forgot what to do.
If you put a spider on your bed, you're a spider
There are people out there who know nothing about religion. They just want to help people discover their true religion by doing their own research.
There should be a "Sesame Street" show where everyone knows the cast and stars, but only one person reads their transcript
I wish I could go back in time and watch all the great documentaries that I watch now.
If we think of time as having an infinite number of days, they should be considered an infinite day.
There should be a "Coup de grace" for food being served with food poisoning. At what time will the pizza be thrown away when they're gone?
The world is one big place in a matrix, where the big stars and the big people are always playing with each other
The more I learn about how to be an asshole, the less I love and respect their actions.
What if I just didn't want to go out anymore?
It's so easy to cheat death in the movie "The Incredibles" because everyone is alive and well.
When you're in the shower, one of the best things about the shower is you literally take a shit.
If people were more attracted to certain types of people, maybe humans would have had the ability to do crazy things.
When you're in the middle, you're always the one being watched
The way your hands slide down your legs isn't an illusion just by the way it slides.
People who tell you that you can't make your life better are really just trying to tell you that it's not possible.
A lot of people want their kids to be good, but really wish their kids are bad.
You know you're getting a little old when you start buying new clothes.
Bumper stickers are just sticker dogs
Tyson should be able to advertise for their products via T-Shirt.
If a dog is not properly trained for barking, she needs more training.
Every dog on this planet must really really look fine
A lot of people buy lottery tickets to win, and a lot of people get rich by winning all this stuff
We live in a society where we can't say "I don't like this" without sounding more and more desperate to make my own choices about how to live.
Your own dog is probably your "big self" and therefore your baby's birth control is essentially your mother's "big self."
I feel bad when people say "I don't trust anybody," but I trust more people than I trust my own body.
I wonder how many people went to live in your house during World War II.
The main reason I do not enjoy reading a book is because I hate reading anything that talks about the horrors that can actually happen in the world.
I wish that the internet could be used to "repost my views" on my website.
I wonder if we are seeing one of the strongest forms of life yet the universe itself
A man who wears his hair long must think that every hair in the world is a human
If a female cat farts, does it get an orgasm or don't the cat do the same?
I wonder how they treat dogs when they're with us
I wonder how we would feel if a cat farts, and not us
The more time I spend on the internet, the more I miss out on things that will go down the tubes in my life
I've seen more pornstars have less balls than I have, so I'm not surprised.
I often find myself trying to get my body to use my brain to speak, since I know most of its language, but have no clue what I'm doing while reading.
Telling people to sit down for a date, as opposed to saying it, is like telling them to stay out of trouble.
Maybe I’ve become so much smarter then the average person that I can't tell anyone
The best possible password for a post-game game is a post-game account.
All my other jobs have a higher pay than having no job even though they would be better paid for it all.
A lot of people will die during the last day of the year, but I will find joy around the clock all year.
I wonder if people ever think about how many people they meet all the time in a room together
Why no people are born on the other side of the world. So the world becomes like how I am now but have an entire generation of all people.
I wonder if I've ever thought the word "torture" was ever applied to a person.
As an American, I'm ashamed by the fact that I now spend most of my time with my children.
We are probably in the last phase of the human family
Trees are like grass, because they're not ferns. In fact, they are like trees.... they are like the grass.
If you lived in a cave, there'd be a huge hole full of blood.
I wonder how many babies I've fallen on. Why don't all of the babies know my story?
When someone gives you an apology, don't take it literally, but rather use the word "thankful".
If you put your left foot into a tube and the right one in front, and the two ends fall together you’re taking both tubes (tube, left)
If we all made a video of ourselves and the fact was that we are all the best people in the world, we'd be so amazing we'd have no need to explain ourselves. But imagine in a million years we are just like any other people.
We should make the "hot" option to find someone with the same name on the internet and let them decide instead
It is interesting that the majority of people go to the gym when they are young. They just aren't motivated enough to be in an activity they're so motivated to be involved in.
Doing good deeds is like putting a mirror on yourself. The mirror is a reflection you see yourself doing.
Doctors probably put a lot of their time and energy into giving the acting skills necessary to perform good acting.
What if all people can't see and we're living on a new, far away planet?
It is more ironic than ironic that the sun rises every two days than it does for several weeks
If you are living in the future then you should look for any number of things during your life to keep you from coming to terms with your dead body.
If you're born a man you have a woman, you're a woman
I get the feeling I used to have a really cool little phone like my dad now
It's ok to say/comment/comment about things that you don't really like like
Life is the equivalent of a book and the brain is the brain
In the US it's the same as in Europe; that time you get to know your friends faster, you don't have to buy in online, you also don't have to get in touch with your current group of friends.
A man with little arms should have to do more for his self esteem than a man with little arms.
There will soon be a time in human history when we'll all be able to understand that our life is a simulation in which we're a simulation, and are actually robots
When it comes to eating and drinking, everything in the United States tastes better than it does in Japan.
We never put it to the test in real life, we just go to the restaurant we live in.
The first person to say hi, walked up to the person who said hi first and told them "oh come on, you are beautiful!", it was probably a lot worse than it felt.
If you say “I always’re a virgin” in Spanish, it’s like saying “I'm never a virgin or you have to worry about being rejected”
I've always wanted to watch and know what you're listening to (or something) in your mind, and I've never been a huge fan of watching what you hear or watch
The word "mildly nauseating" is a mildly nauseating word
Most of my life has been going smoothly to such a point that I can just lay there and no more than a few seconds before my eyes get tired
Being born and raised alone in the same building, and at a very distinct point in time, is a vastly different feeling.
When I was a kid, I was told that I must be good at math, when I'm now an adult.
The 's' in "What happens in a dream" is what happens with my mind.
I always wonder how many people I know have bought beer on Amazon, just to make sure I don't get the same experience.
The older I get, the more I find that I've become a person in my 70's.
If you're a baby you're usually your most vulnerable.
"It's no longer on my phone" is only the first thing to sound alarmingly alarming
We should always ask for extra money for food, but if you ask for a pizza at the local convenience store, it will be eaten by the person who paid for the meal
If we ever reach the halfway point where society is at its highest, we'll have to live in a time where the average human is 3 feet of tall and no longer can swim.
Forget about the Kardashians, all of us are living in a society based largely on how we relate to them...
My mom was the first to really believe that the phrase "it's on my phone" was a meme.
I wonder how many people have walked in that door on a subway and been so surprised and startled when it opened, or if I was actually standing in line and they are a bunch of strangers
I wonder how many of the people who I like to see in my life are secretly friends I know personally.
There are so many things wrong with people with short middle names, that I would never guess a single person who gets to know them.
Life is a really long list of things you shouldn't try to do for a couple years, but then you get to try and learn how to do it.
When we are on a time loop, it's like a video game that goes from 1 second to 1 minute.
If it takes time to learn to spell, then how do we spell it?
Most of the good reviews are bad, like someone doesn't like the same food the same way over and over after.
I bet our family is just as anxious as the rest of us.
The most important thing that goes through our mind every time we blink is how we want to interact with one another
If we could see and hear all the colors that other peoples eyes color, we would get the idea of what colors are actually like.
Everyone who isn't on Reddit is an expert
The only time it makes you feel a cold is when you stand there and feel a light breeze moving in.
If we all had to clean our bodies with soap to keep us warm we'd end up with soap allergies.
The more you age, the more the world becomes as close to being a simulation as it is to reality.
The best job of a janitor is to be responsible for cleaning the place
Humans are basically insects, but we use them to communicate.
"They say that you have to get used to it. but we say you have to learn the hard way" ~Hugh Hefner
I am an amateur photographer. I'm a full time photographer. But I am the best at creating pictures that are not ruined for your enjoyment.
What if if our body is only a game or game of Scrabble where you can die to it?
There should be a sub for movies that feature people getting raped
"Porn stars don't need you" is an insult but a compliment. Porn stars do need you but don't need anything.
Most people think they were just being clever, but in reality they were really doing what they were asked to do.
I wonder if I have ever seen my favorite actor in real life, or be in the role of that actor.
I still don't believe that Santa Claus actually eats chocolate anymore
The best part of being a child is seeing yourself in the mirror
A lot more people die each year in the war against cancer. Every year at the same time, everyone dies.
Maybe the one thing nobody can actually say to a pregnant girl is "I love you"
There are no dogs.
Most people you know have a very high IQ, while a lot of people you never know you know have a very low IQ
The first person to build a bridge was probably the youngest person on earth.
"Don't tell me they're not a baby" makes a lot more sense than "I'm not a baby"
I'm tired of hearing people say "don't tell me because I'm not a baby" and I need to stop.
The more that I am given a chance to see a movie because I am in my late 30's, the more I realize that my early 20's are now, much earlier
The reason I can't hear my own voice is because I really only hear myself.
I always want to be an adult in school but I never want to leave school
The world will get more complicated by the day we start sending kids into space.
As a kid my greatest fear in life was that I would not be able to eat well. Now I know that I can if I choose
You could have been born into a poor, old house, and spent hours and hours of your life there.
I know what is hot but I'm not allowed to get into anything for at least a couple days...
Some kids will go to the prom and want to play with others from previous history, but they won't be able to use their names.
We're all in this together
If "in the spirit of tradition" and "in the spirit of decorum" were two words, we'd have both as a group.
"The only difference between the two is how you say it" isn't a typo
I wonder how people are going to be surprised that there aren't people dying in this world.
At least I'll have a job to work for.
Somewhere I want to buy the highest quality pizza.
I wonder if anyone has ever been asked if they'd be willing to go back in time to check whether the past was the better version.
I wonder if anyone on my current dating advice page thinks the same as me or that I'm a douche.
When we talk of a person dying, someone will say "you have a job that's good enough to get you back"
I wonder how much we think we could save if we replaced the last piece of paper with a card.
The thing we need most today is the ability to find the best places to get the best food.
It's a shame that the last time I saw a video of myself in a bikini is today.
When you have a heart attack, you never realize how small your heart is until you die.
You know that you really have to be good at something if you hope that it'll last for the life of the world.
When someone makes fun of a person's life, they're not really showing it, only making fun of a person's life and then having a sarcastic response like, "this guy's going to die soon."
I wonder what will happen to those who think that people can't get married
The word ‘boo’ could be in both the first and last syllables
It never occurred to me how many times I've had to wash my hands after a washing machine.
Every time you turn 20, you are getting into the same boat as the first 20 or so times you turned 20.
Being an adult is like being a kid. You don't have much to contribute and they give you a huge amount in cash as a form of compensation.
The sun must have been so cool to see the entire world in a couple dozen years.
What if our consciousness is actually our mind, just like the human soul?
Bread, cookies, and cakes are food that we consume all day, but we still eat them everyday because we eat them for the last time in the day.
The person who created the "The Onion" must have been kind of screwed.
What do people in China eat like, or even just about any food?
Saying "You do have a right to ask an asshole" is technically a compliment, but it's also just a shitty excuse for being rude.
There should be an app that let's you look up your password
As a girl, it’s amazing how "I'm not on Reddit anymore" makes me cringe with the realization that I’ve had to worry for years.
I want to be a writer, and I want that to be a career.
If you say "Songs are songs", you're really just saying "I want to sing songs for you".
I wonder how anyone has ever gotten out of bed and went to sleep
How can a vacuum cleaner be good for making dirty air?
"I do not wish to live long enough. I only wish for the past to die." It's just a thought.
The first person to try to make an edible edible object must have been a real-life horror movie.
We are all living and breathing in the moment. I bet if we all wore our own clothes we could wear them and live a lot better than we do.
I wonder how many people I see as my "friend"; one day they're a friend, the next they're a creep, and so on -- the very last person I meet as a relative but they all seem like the exact same person, and I'm surprised they haven't changed at least half of the time.
Is a cat's tail a tail?
Muffins get the most attention for being too dirty/imitation for you to clean or for not liking to eat when you're drunk, as in you aren't clean enough or not good enough.
I wish I could watch a very specific movie, and still know what it is in the right order. But then the movie would take longer to load due to loading issues.
What a terrible day it's been to learn that you can go to the bathroom without accidentally pissing yourself.
I wonder what would happen if there was a 'pinch' button in bed time.
Why will there be any one person who gets mad that they can't do whatever they want? Why do people always need help when they say they are going to need help?
I know if I am doing something I am doing at a certain level I am doing it for a larger audience.
The biggest mistake people make with a computer is that they can turn on a TV and watch everything they want without ever taking their eyes off their keyboard
There is someone out there that I'm not on facebook seeing, and I'm watching the whole thing.
A lot of people have been in a coma forever but have not remembered it.
I wonder what is the last picture I will ever see of myself.
In the last post , I thought there was a ton of posts about the Harry Potter universe. Now I'm really confused...
Every time someone writes "I'm just writing this sentence..." for another person, the sentence is always written like "I'm just reading this sentence..."
The universe is just a bunch of holes that are in one piece, which have enough holes for all the space in each area to exist.
What if our thoughts don't matter and we've discovered a way to alter it? Then all of the world would be a better place.
If you're not in a bad mood, you'll always be in a good mood, at least for a small amount of time.
If I don't have a car on the road I'll likely be able to buy a fancy car
It takes more time than it does to have an actual conversation
What if the aliens in the future are actually aliens, aliens that are just living on our planet, aliens that look like us, and they are going to wipe us all and we'll be the first ones.
When it comes to gender norms, men and women have the same set of clothes, one that doesn’t change.
Why not just put all the trash in the trashcan?
When I walk the length of the sidewalk I get annoyed, when I walk the length of the sidewalk I feel completely normal
Saying "I'm happy I'm old" when someone is older means they are the youngest person alive.
The new way to say "You're the best" is "You're not the best, you look bad".
Hulk Hogan is going to die. Everyone wants to see this.
We live in a world where the first human to discover how to use a mirror must have been very disappointed that he couldnt use a mirror as an adult.
The first person to see Star Wars could say "I don't know what else to say."
Cinnamon doesn't have to be nutritionally processed
If you don't have to eat the same thing twice and you still have enough food left to eat, you’ve probably just eaten too many fruits and desserts.
You have to have something to eat just to eat
I love the fact that being a porn actor just to get older is really satisfying.
The fact that men's clothes are always tight doesn’t make women's clothes any less tight.
I want to be a robot but only get bored of the way they do things when the other person is staring at me.
I wonder how many times I've passed into the future but they already lived their life in the past!
The difference between a car and a drone is how you drive the car.
A "realistic" game design can be seen in the current generation of "high-end" graphics, as opposed to the high-end graphics a real-life game is making today
Most men are still not getting their butt washed by women
A "salty" drink is made up of a lot of alcohol.
The same principle as "The Beatles" is "I got what you gave me"
It’s weird that when i hear "I love you, my dad always did" I don’t know what to say. It's the only one that I can't say, but it's true. I'm the guy who has to give a fuck.
If something is good at work, do those things make a great movie or a great video game?
I wonder who thinks that if I took a dumpster the sky would change completely
Porn shows are like a series of big, dramatic fights. No one would believe it and people get scared.
Falling asleep is the opposite of sleeping well.
A great way to start a career is to try to get back at most people you didn't actually like.
I would probably never use the internet.
The only time a spider is a spider is on your body, is when you're standing on a spider's back.
What if it's the beginning of the end of a video game just to make us realize that it's just a video game?
I always feel really insecure when I have to use my phone while driving, and I wish I could be a part of the security guard to check the app
What’s happening right now is going to become a big problem for kids at recess.
Telling a girl who is bald to never tell her friends she is bald is like telling you to never tell your kids about your dog.
Someone who thinks that ‘you are always alone’ is probably not the only person who thinks that you are there all the time.
The internet allows us to be lazy, but what if the internet is just a form of censorship for those who are lazy and wish it could be reversed so that those who are lazy can be happy?
I wonder if people know I'm the only one to ever tell them about my accomplishments.
The only way to win the lottery is to not win the lottery.
If there are humans in the universe, humans exist and we are the planet, then there's only one human in the universe, and the one who is living is a ghost.
The only time you’re allowed to eat lunch is if you are hungry
Bridges are basically just big wooden walls.
If you put a bag of cookies in your mouth, it can actually be eaten...
If you know your cat likes you, you don't care if she's barking or scratching
Fears are like fears and wishes. You hope that someday people will look at you the way you look at other people.
A baby is like a kid who has no idea they're being told not to have kids and wants to pretend.
The only thing more confusing that your home is a home and it hasn't been in your house is someone knocking on your door and it's already been there for you
The people who take the time to talk about their parents are the ones who know how to talk.
The fact that humans can speak sounds amazing and we just don't know anything about it.
The human race is a small community
Cats that get laid before us are probably just born with extra bodies to make us feel good about ourselves
People say that they are more intelligent than dogs, but if they were really intelligent and had the right people to do it they pretty much already exist.
One of your favorite videos of 2012 will be the most well-known porn of 2010.
The term “what’s the” is almost as accurate as “what’s the”
You can’t tell a person’s face from the picture of other people.
Being a kid in high school was the worst part of life. You had to stare at the ceiling and never saw your own face, when your parents were around you.
You can never see your parents for what they really are
When you are a kid, “one’s’ face is always what”s it’d be.
There is no meaning in trying to know where your fingers go. “I think I’m one” is literally the only thing that gets lost in your head
They should bring the "You Can'T go to sleep" box on sale.
I'd be very skeptical if a guy found out I didn't have a dog.
I bet a lot of people have been saying "thank you" to their dog's parents a long time ago.
I wonder if people with a big family also get jealous when they get new food because the family will be starving.
I wonder, if I have ever had a really bad case of acne, when I sneeze on it and feel so sore and gross
"They Might As well Go Out With Themselves" is a great example of why people will do anything to get together.
A dog could just take a picture of itself in a movie and call it "The Picture".
I hate the fact that the majority of people don't go to prison. Yet I have never gotten to see one of those people. Who is this "superior"?
Most of the time, I think it is OK to not talk to strangers online, but I never hear anyone actually make a statement that they don't have.
You know you're getting old when you spend a little bit of your life in the shower
It's funny how the older I get, the more I think that it's the future time to do something silly like go for a walk. I'm more hesitant to go for a walk than go for a walk, but that's what I do when I'm in the car
Whenever I come across an ad that says "It's a miracle that no one has died in the last 40 years", I automatically say, "well, what do you know about the thing?"
If I ever get old, I will go to Reddit and post a comment
Maybe every year during high school my grades will look back on my year as a waste of time. If I live in the same year as my grandkids I'm so happy I got to spend an additional day teaching them today because at the end of the year they'll feel like I just bought myself some really weird stuff.
The difference between being an idiot who tells someone a story about your childhood, and someone who has an actual story about you, and just telling your story is going to hurt later
A lot of people are going to feel better in the future when they hear that "what if the universe is real"
I can’ve never been a bad guy, when in real life I’ve never been a bad guy.
If the internet is as useful as it appears, people will keep posting memes until it reaches the point where they are obsolete and no one wants to follow them.
Every book is a collection of books
In a zombie apocalypse, they're just building to do anything necessary, no matter how stupid an action was.
The next generation will not see the age of "Dora the Explorer".
The more I try to understand myself, the less I understand myself.
I need a piece of candy to feed your dog.
Why do many restaurants have ice cream on the sides of the food, yet still have "just enough for one person"?
When I ask someone, "Do you remember how your parents treated you, or just in general?" I rarely remember how much I've loved my parents.
"I think I'll keep this in the shower, just for a while." Never shower with anything.
If you were born deaf, everything would sound good except for how the song you're singing sounds like it sounds from a dead person's perspective
What if it was a weird way for animals to evolve, but that’s why humans evolved?
I wonder if the majority of people who say they don't care what I do, just because I don’t like it, think that they know everything about me, but I don’t understand their argument
When I see a red light, it's time to stop the car at the other lane.
People like the smell of a fart. But I still get the same pleasure from licking cheese.
It’s weird that I'm allergic to cat-like insects but I only have to bite the tongue/wrist to understand that cats taste good.
It would be weird if the first person to hear a radio call someone “tickle them” was a cat.
The world is getting so bad in terms of crime rates in the US right now. People are just too quiet when calling for them.
The best way to know how terrible things are is to just take a picture of you and think “wtf”
Dorothy must know how to make a phone charger fast enough to work.
Prayer is the 'heaven’s only prayer.'
If you go out of your way to avoid being noticed, then that means you're just being observed
There is only one person on earth worth 1€.
You know there's a ghost in a hotel when a ghost can't get your password.
If your house smells like fart, it's not your house smell, it's your house smell
There are two types of people: those that are very motivated to find some truth in themselves rather than looking as hard or hard as possible for it.
There is an infinite amount of time before we die and will probably be in the same location from the time we die to before life began
If you think of a sentence like “The only good thing that's ever happened to humans has been happening before”, you are always talking about how bad the earth can get.
If people die on purpose, the reason they are still alive on purpose is because the universe is being destroyed.
People who never see a naked person will never find out who the human being is
If you are in the water...you can swim.
If aliens took over the world, they would make a bunch of weirdos and turn them into people.
You don't know when you're most disappointed in a song or movie, but you have no idea when you're least disappointed.
If your favorite food was a chicken, you'd be the best at it.
Every night you've had just a bit of a drink and you’ll spend your days waking up wondering what you thought of the whole day
You never knew when you had a bad day because you would just never know when you'd’ve had a good day
A day is a bunch of pixels, so if you're an idiot you would never see a day that isn’t a pixel
The older you get the quieter you're going to be, at times the people you’ve met your friends/family are actually your friends you
There are so many ways to turn a day into a day: clockwise, right, clockwise, left, left, clockwise, and so on. But for the entirety of the universe, nothing on earth has a clockwise or a clockwise left.
What is it that makes you sad that nothing is actually a day?
Happiness has nothing to do with the happiness it's the least happy people can be, happiness is a social construct.
There's no meaning to life if we're all dead.
You know you’re living up to your dreams when you get stuck back in the room because everything is going off again.
All the different types of porn videos that are released nowadays are essentially the same as the original film
If you get hit on by people walking around, maybe they are the same ones who hit you back.
If you've never heard a live song, then your own voice.
There are people in the world today now with some kind of internet connection to use all these crazy websites on the internet today
If you were to drink milk, it would taste a lot like the milk of the cow it's supposed to be drinking.
When you're old enough to be a grownup, a lot of children are starting to remember things for the first time ever.
If you make a mistake after doing something hard, you just make it easy again.
There is more work than there really is yet there is no more.
You are always looking up at your phone for your phone so you can look at them for what they are.
There are only those who know the meaning of the "O" shape
Life is just a constant stream of death.
Funny people make fake videos. People with real lives make fake videos.
If two people actually were the same, they would probably have pretty different emotions.
Coconut milk has a better chance of killing someone than corn syrup
Every time you’re talking with someone you’re talking to them with, they’re talking to yourself.
When you use ‘drowning’ to make your glasses disappear, your glasses actually did.
“Fidget spinners are making you a real clown” is a good advice for putting an eyepatch on your eye.
A lot of these "sickening" events happen because of people having a bad sense of humor.
It would be cool to have a new theme song for Star Wars, “The Force Awakens”.
Your first day in school is more fun than your first birthday.
Maybe the reason dogs don’t take you seriously is because their brain is so conditioned to not take them seriously.
If we could be the most powerful species in the universe, it would be a much more interesting time to be a human.
What if robots are now human shaped?
Bumper stickers are the first product that people forgot to cover their head
The only difference between "a lie" and "a clever lie" is that both can be true.
I wonder if the reason my cats love watching porn has anything to do with my age.
The number "2" is just 2,000.
Hulk Hogan is the ultimate Hulk Hogan.
All those places you went to and never got back in and probably never will are the same places you went to today
If someone says to the person who said "No", you don't have to worry about them breaking the law
You can't really trust any of the actors in the movie "Glover" if you aren't an actor
I wish I could see all the movies/shows that aren't "on the internet" I never see them in the actual cinema.
When you think about how many times you've been in a bathroom stall there is going to be a pause with the last stall.
For many guys on the opposite side of the gender spectrum, being a woman is like being a guy who doesn't like women.
If men have more muscles than women, why can't men be full grown?
Why is "lots of cash" a bad thing, but not a "lots of money" if not a "lots of drugs?"
What if the only guy who really does not care about women or minorities is the guy who does like women but is secretly "pissing" at her?
I bet as soon as it has to be said “oh yeah “ the kids are gonna say 'you're a good kid'” they're going to want to know who the best kid is.
Reddit is like the gateway to the afterlife where everyone knows what went wrong
If we are actually living as people, would one of us know if we are all the same?
Why is it that our bodies are so quiet? I have never heard someone use the word "quiet" in a public place and I have never heard someone say "shitty" in a public place. Are they quiet because they're dead?
The best thing about being a lawyer is that you can make a case for yourself and the judge.
The first person to invent a bed made by two people probably thought the "Bed-Making Challenge" was a smart idea.
Having a 'shower heads up' message for a toilet is not much different from having a 'shower face down' message for a toilet.
If the universe is a simulation, the simulation is not a simulation at all. Imagine if the universe was a real project or something like that.
Every time you go inside a room you are opening up a portal to another dimension just to pass the time where you will never end up.
Creamy things are just spicy food
The internet is the next great generation's porn.
Budweiser is the most important and popular restaurant ever built.
Bugs are just "ramprats" for rats
A day is just an hour or two of each individual human being.
People who think food is just junk food in their fridge can be pretty smug if they actually tried it
A person that doesn’t want to go to the dentist should probably eat toothpaste.
There is nothing worse than someone getting a haircut.
Your brain is a person so you're always there when you’re not really there.
If an animal is a plant, then the animal is a plant
In the future, humans will be able to do what we’ve done forever by using GPS.
A person's nose is a tiny little part of their body.
Some people have a lot of money, others less.
There are no limits to what you can do.
Birds don’t have tails, they have tailless birds
If a man was to live in North Korea he would eat the people
If you tell someone to stop texting, you’re literally saying you’re not alone.
If you're a superhero, you are always in front of a camera
The people on reddit are probably getting tired of seeing the comments on reddit the most
You can never know how many people have died in the same place because there is no one left to see
A lot of people are like the kids of the 1980s
There’s a time as soon as you think you were born and don’t remember something. For example, you were born into the future and don’t remember you.
For the first time in memory, we will be able to see one and not the other; we will be able to see the other together.
Life's a game about how your life is a game about how your life is.
The most common thing to see in every picture is someone taking a photo of you.
Maybe there are two really good reasons why people don't read. The first and second is the reason we don't watch films; the first reason is to make us think a movie is real.
The movie “The Last of Us' “the last thing we can’t see” will always exist because the humans were not there.
The older I get, the more time I spend with a cat.
The older I get, the less I am comfortable with saying "sorry" to an older lady.
I often use "just use that" when I'm going out.
Socks and underwear in the shower are like underwear in the middle of the shower. And you do the rest.
Some people think being an adult is the biggest mistake of your life
You know how everyone thinks the next major update is super bad and buggy?
Crazy is probably a terrible word to put together since it just kind of doesn't feel real.
Since smartphones have gotten so much bigger, people would literally say they grew a bunch of the other ones.
The most annoying time at work is when you don't have to work like you do, because you won't make any friends
Why do we still have to pay for parking in our houses?
“They’re still not a thing.“
You don’t always understand what your family is saying but often they say things along the lines that are true. We want people who can say the same things as us but without us
Someone would be able to figure out how best to make the future you and I look forward to using... without even knowing how it actually works.
If you could be in someone’s current life by accident but they didn’t like it you wouldn’t know anything.
It is the first day of a new year, and the last day of your birthday, but it lasts forever.
Somewhere in the universe, there is a guy who will make an amazing movie about his life.
The majority of us live on Mars, but we’re just starting the new year with a baby.
It is possible to get to the end of the world from outer space.
If you have a dream where you wake up, can you make it that dream so that you can make it so that you are awake?
At one point, we were the last of the creatures to live. But that’s about all we are and that’s what we’ll be when it’s over.
It isn't really any good that someone named Mr. Freeze has two ears and is the only one able to hear himself
If you think it's weird that the guy who put a lid on your shoe, you wouldn’t know who put the lid on your shoe
If we created a computer program, we would create our own time machine
The only time you see something that says "this stuff is in the bag" is when it’s the last item to be in it.
Since the Sun is a star, there is a planet that can be visited by a star that cannot be visited by a star.
A lot of people hate on YouTube and the people it takes ads from, but they are completely loyal to it.
Pockets are just the same as the kitchen sink
When we were kids, people would turn their back to the computer to talk to us
We know what songs that artists loved and didn't. We don't.
No matter what the title says, nobody will ever know what a post is
It's hard to not be tired and happy in the mornings, and also a pretty crazy feeling after that.
We are going to become immortal this world will become too short and easy to read and read.
When you’re getting a good erection, your erections stop having periods. You're now getting really good in just about every way.
It would be funny if we spent more time being human with computers because of the internet
We only have time and energy for our head. It all disappears once we become a computer
"Ladies for a day" means you have to get up early to look at ladies.
It's a good thing food is made out of wood but meat is made out of wood
I wonder how many people were born on 2/20/2017 when the world went into chaos
The most important part of the movie "The Interview" is how the person that you are talking to gets fired.
You know you're a good person when you look at someone's face and think about how they'll react
Farts are just weird fart noises in your mouth.
When you're in a car you are literally driving away from your parents.
If an asteroid came straight for us, it’d be called a lander.
People who work for the big companies probably think that the Biggest Loser is the smartest person in the industry.
A vacuum is just a really small vacuum that is smaller than most vacuum cleaners.
If the only person who was born and raised on a farm is a farmer, the next person born and raised is a farmer himself
If you live in a place with no indoor temperature, your house would warm up by about 2 degrees Fahrenheit, whereas the opposite would be if you lived in a place with an indoor temperature.
If you are alive, you are the strongest, but if the weakest, you are the weakest.
We're all one in a long line of people who we wouldn't take for granted. A lot of people just need to make life easier.
You’re just looking at someone who has a great day.
We say "no-no" to things because it’s easier to say than it is to show it.
A vacuum can't go out of the way; it needs to go in.
Being drunk is the equivalent of looking at someone your whole life, you can’t look at them without looking at them
The only reason we haven't gone back in time is because we are so afraid of what the other person will do in the future.
If you thought this post was the best thing you ever went through, you're not even half correct
Every time I make my "f**k you" statement, I am trying to convince myself that it will end there. Most of the time, they are probably wrong.
We really don’t get tired of getting something right all the time
There are a handful of movies in which the "W" in the "F" and "N" are repeated more often than the movie itself
An average of two people could have taken the opportunity to spend the day in the house on their death anniversary and not live in the house forever since it’s a day the length of their lives.
Since there are always two or more ways to be alive, every time someone dies you are always going to be alive.
A bird does not learn something by touching its egg.
Babies should keep saying "Thank you, motherfucker" whenever they see an alien.
The only reason we don’t use a fork in the salad-bowl is because the whole idea of putting your own fork in your plate is to make sure it gets cooked before you eat it
There's such a thing as a "lucky" moment that will eventually happen.
If the universe was a simulation, we would probably have time traveling to make sure we’re in the same universe as the last
If a human were to get injured in the same way that a gorilla's injuries become more severe, it would be considered an accident.
You never realize how much you look through your glasses until you step out of them
Tinder must be an endless loop of your thoughts and thoughts that are constantly going through your head
The world is actually not the same as it was before the internet, there are probably more people now that are still alive that still remember the internet.
We are so reliant on our social media profiles to become friends with that we never notice it actually makes us more connected in the first place.
A car can go so fast and slow that it can be thought of as fast and slow as you, so once you get into it your car is the most fast and slow car ever made.
In the future, there are going to be some celebrities who go to hospitals and spend their free time with their family. Eventually they will either die without a fight, their own health or a car crash.
If there wasn't a lot of money on the table from the lottery, we would probably be a bunch of money
Saying "no comment" and "no comment" are the same thing.
What would happen if a computer virus had gone out of control, leading to the complete destruction of the human race?
How do a couple have a baby? The baby must have been so excited to see what they have.
Someone should be given the chance to design an entire show based on the Simpsons, based on the story of the Simpsons. By the end of it, there should be a series that is based on the last Simpsons episodes.
Every time I read "Lol", it's just the other way round. I will never stop loving it.
I never get a good night's sleep. I've had good nights sleeping.
I wonder how smart I would be if I couldn't tell someone a secret.
If you're a parent reading this, the other parents are having a hard time reading your kids.
Do you remember when you were younger?
If you find a person who is older than you, it means you're older then them
When I get a letter from another person I usually get an envelope that says "Thank you for the letter" but I don't get a envelope that says "Thank you more for the paper" but I get a mailing note saying "Thank you for your receipt"
If you're a serial killer, someone from your past murder has been murdered.
The only difference between a drunk and a sober person is that a drunk is more likely to have a drug problem than a sober.
I've never seen my own face or body in the mirror
If you are under 18, you are technically an adult.
What if the sun is the sun's version of a sunbathing?
If I see a spider in the grass, do I see a spider that had a leg?
Do people with tattoos use glasses?
All the "bad" food that comes out of supermarkets are just cooked cookies.
I wonder if I've ever eaten a piece of pizza by accident.
If I was born and died in a movie universe, everyone would believe me. If you're born and die in the future, everyone is a fan.
Cute girls are usually the most hated group of girls.
Socks are the male equivalent to belts for girls.
Why can you buy a dog food you like and it tastes exactly like your favorite drink but you can't buy it from a fast food store because they only serve fast food?
I wish I could stop having to wash my hands every day. I'd have to wash my hands all day the same day.
My phone has become so popular that I will never be able to connect to that old "my phone has become so popular that I will no longer want to buy it." thing.
There musta been a lot of girls who thought "I want a dick."
When you're in bed dreaming, it's almost a sign of weakness. When you wake up, it's the sign of strength.
My phone/computer never started flashing, it just started to fail me.
I will never see my face disappear, but I will never see me in the mirror, especially if I look up.
One day, if Apple makes a device like the iPhone, they'll just make a new phone in the year 2000
I am never disappointed with the price as long as I pay the correct amount.
Why do we call water a "cup" if it's just like water? It would be a great thing if there was a "cups" just like water, which is just like the rest of the food we eat.
Maybe this is how we really learn how to love life - by watching our partner grow back, but by not loving you, we give up.
If you were to ask somebody if they were "hot", it's totally normal to ask them "what's that"
I wonder how many times you've seen a woman's bellybutton in the shower.
Femme fatales.
If someone could give a shit whether or not they were a good swimmer, they'd probably be able do it in between swims.
If I had a dick, I would need to use it as a vibrator.
The idea of a "tinder" is like a friend on Tinder for those in need
If the first time I saw the zombie apocalypse was after the zombie apocalypse, I think I would go and find someplace to hide.
You never realize how old the internet was until you try driving by some mall in the 90s for the mall entrance.
At this point, I probably wouldn't want to be friends with a girl because her parents won't let anyone watch them get married
Why can't "The Interview" be an Oscar-nominated film where Scarlett Johansson portrays Jennifer Lawrence as a sex worker?
I can use my phone to make a really bad fart.
If I had the energy to spend more hours and minutes a day writing and making a book, I would have a bunch of fun, fun articles for people to read.
If someone had been born in the year 6500 before the first person in the history of humanity was born, they would be a total stranger.
I wonder if any animals I know that have had to die for it to feel the same way as I do.
If there was ever a time travel parallel universe, I would have gone into a coma.
If your girlfriend's date's date is in their 20's, is your date a birthday or anno?
I wonder how many celebrities have died after they were born.
"Shampoo" is like the shampoo of soap
There should be a website where everyone is a customer to make sure no one is a criminal for buying drugs.
If I buy the last time you bought the same thing, I'm essentially saying the same thing for every time you bought it
I wish life could be more like a book.
The first person to invent computers made millions with them.
Every day I get a weird feeling but I have never met anyone that looks like me.
Everyone keeps forgetting that I'm in this world's most advanced society, but not when I'm on college days
People say "when you're young", but don't even believe it if you're not 18 anymore, you are not being younger than you are
Why are there so many different colors on the wall when there aren't two-ply floor plans?
If I go to an airport and have a panic attack, can't I get back in, and I'm okay?
Why does it make sense to smoke weed even if it is completely harmless, to eat weed, and not eat it anyways?
People probably see me as a little dog more than the average person.
The word "dread" can have more than one syllable, so you can say "It sucks"
All the different shades of white I'm wearing tonight only come in pairs.
A person can use a computer but they cannot open a file unless it is a file created with the input from the user
When I am old enough, I will think the phrase "I can't get drunk alone in this town" is insulting to me since I am the only one in the entire town and I can get drunk alone anywhere in the town.
Being a dick was fun for a group of five friends.
I haven't heard of anyone getting fired from Facebook in the USA. Yet I assume that all of the posts, posts, and comments are pretty much just the internet memes/stories.
Do dogs think our faces have changed? Because there are people we don't know. And they don't even know who we are.
I wonder how much I've been paying my bills, my taxes, and my taxes for years, since one of my friends was in prison for trying to break into my ex's life.
As I get older the questions I've been asked have become more and more like "what's the best part" questions.
At some point, when you were a kid, you knew you were the most important person in your town but now you know that you're an awkward kid too.
Most of the time, the only thing I find attractive is my wife
Every year I watch a film or video and wonder who the best guy is in it. In the end, most of the films in my life seem to be about how the rest of us are.
What if life was a computer simulation where everyone on earth could have a way to get away and it was rigged so they wouldn't have to face an existential challenge?
I wonder why people can't walk on sidewalks and not take a break.
I wonder if I've ever seen someones wife and son with a small child
Every day is a birthday present; the more you wake up the closer you are to being someone's child.
Most people who die before they know they can say "I have not seen my sister yet" are the most well know
Pets are basically the homeless version of cats.
In The Sims, I'm told to stay indoors but I rarely stay outside.
I wonder how many people have read this comment and/or posted it on reddit.
I like to think I can do the work out of the comfort of my office but for the last time I'd be sadder.
I wonder if the people I see while checking out my door think I'm a crazy couple.
I wonder how many times that I unknowingly get caught by someone else's dick.
Whenever you see someone, you see them differently at a different time
People who believe in the internet can't wait for the next great thing to be made so they can go on r/gopaletoliberty
If the next big event with music was a film movie, our world would be fucked. We are trapped in a society of noise and clapping all the time.
I wonder how much I spend in the toilet every year on the internet
We can't imagine the whole of our lives without our memories.
Waking up drunk is like waking up alive
The worst part about having a "free trial" is that you won't be able to use the internet.
If someone says "I will always be the first to tell it like it is" they're basically telling you what exactly they know and are in fact the most important person out there.
In the distant future it'll be possible that we will be able to see the future like it was in the past.
Why are people doing drugs while running around looking for a reason to do it? If drug companies are so desperate, do they need to make a drug?
In the future, we'll have an all-star lineup of rappers from other dimensions that are also star-crossed. We have to be a lot more accepting of black and ethnic minority people.
If someone told you they are someone you'd look up if they weren't black.
No matter what you do, it looks like you are having sex everyday and will never get old
Movies, novels and books are just a good collection of information that you can download and use.
All of the things I've heard about celebrities are false.
When I get home from work or school my apartment is the size of my living room. I'll probably have to close it and close it again to make a workable house.
When you don't use your phone, do you use your cell phone?
When I was young the only time I put my socks on was on the floor. I think they've now become a fetish of mine.
If my wife has two kids, I'm going to call them dad. If she has two kids, I'm going to call them dad.
If it weren't for the internet, I wouldn't be online.
If I was a star there would be a lot of hate for my favorite characters so now the internet is more concerned about being a star or a hate monger
What if The Incredibles is just a way to explain the real events.
The whole point of Star Wars is a character that the Rebellion wants to be associated with, but not Luke Skywalker.
If I'm ever a billionaire, I'll donate 50% of your fortune to charity and give back some money to charity and let that philanthropism continue and I'll be able to have a more productive life in the future.
People who read or comment on Reddit usually think it is crazy to do those things when they're young. But for the next decade or so, people will become crazy to read or comment on Reddit.
"Your friend said she was an intern" is true if you say she was fired the day before. But when you say she was fired the day your friend said she is a job
Most people who are young now will never know the full extent of their life but will see their kids as part of the "adult generation".
When you talk about the future as someone you wish you had, all you have to say is "never know" What happened?
The only time a movie gets a sequel in the future is if they sell a first draft.
There should be a line in a movie where the scene where the cat is dead is all over.
I just realized I'm missing a lot of people on Reddit, but I feel like TLDR for things like /r/theresno_no_one_getting_back_of_lol was pretty cool
If the universe was made of a "naturally occurring cloud," then at least one of the planets would be inhabited by another one of the same kind.
I wonder if the reason we never see aliens in TV is because of computers.
Wish I could do a "I want to do a song on the radio" campaign but the fact that radio stations cover up commercials still makes it too easy to ignore.
We're not sure the purpose of having an "expectation rating" is to make it easier to find.
The first person who was born on April 1st, 1903, was the youngest thing in the whole of time.
If someone is willing to sell you time and money you are probably not the same person...
For all we know, the universe isn't really infinite, but the fact that we are made of a "naturally occurring cloud" makes it more likely that we could be experiencing it
I can only really explain shit I've read from a book to someone I know. If I don't need to say anything for a while and the book gets to some point, I have no way to say no, unless the book is a good book
When in a relationship, it's important to know how happy you are. When you're with a girl, it's important to know how miserable you are.
As someone whose work is mostly made up of posts about other people, I am a fan of "what do we do for a living?".
Filling an ice cube with ice is akin to taking a picture with a camera lens
If you get stuck in traffic, your vehicle won't have enough to go around, so when you hit the curb and walk forward it goes in circles. If you get stuck in traffic, you can't go around it without running.
What is the point of an umbrella?
The only way to get the other person in a relationship to stop dating is to say you're a shitty person.
If you were a man you would be the oldest man alive..
If there was a universe, it would be a bunch of universes
If i had to guess my dog's age, I'd throw out a whole lot of random things that I had forgotten in my life.
I wonder if there is any other place in the world where I haven't heard a pop song, I'm just bored every time
Why don't I wear my shirt in a show? I don't think its interesting, but people actually look at us.
Maybe I'm feeling my way through time when in the early 80's music happened and I don't think to myself, "what the fuck am I going to do with myself again?".
I haven't forgotten what I was told to do as a child
The one who wrote "You didn't make the first kiss, you made the last kiss" is probably the only person who hasn't done it.
What if all the ancient texts were actually really just random letters with no rhyme or reason.
When you watch a bad kid fight in a classroom, it’s just their first experience with the real world
If you don’t like someone's facial features, don’t be surprised if they ask you. It would sound like a rude compliment
When I was young I thought of being able to see someone on TV, I thought of being able to see someone on TV, now I think of being able to see someone on TV and not have any idea what the fuck I am looking at.
If there is a difference between dead and living, then you are dead.
There are probably a lot more people in this world today who have never had an STD.
You don't use a flashlight until you have lost your shit
"I didn't get what my mom put in my butt" and "I got what my mom put in my butt" are both correct but neither of them have any meaning.
The idea that dogs and cats are intelligent and intelligent but lack the ability to speak, communicate, and comprehend the language you speak, is the kind of language dogs/cats communicate with each other
There are people who read and learn about science with their eyes closed, but when they start to read and learn about science they are like "I don't know how to read this" and "I'm bored reading this", which creates a great deal of confusion.
If you could go back in time and see when the sun and the sunspot were born, you probably wouldn't go back and see all your ancestors dead.
Sometimes you see yourself in your thoughts and when you think about it.. you're like "What are you doing now?" when the time is right!
If someone were to do a scene in their favorite movie without me, I have no idea what to say.
If there's ever a new series, it will probably be about the real-world version of Pokemon Go
Do you think i'm a complete failure to read or remember anything?
I guess I don't really need to say 'nice people' to people because I'm not great at telling jokes.
When I was a kid I'd never really gotten that "I want to be a smart guy" feeling from people, now I get it. But not when I can't afford to be a smart guy.
The more I think back to how I got here, the better I feel.
All food is artificial in the sense that it doesn't taste bad, but it can't be smelled..
Actors with facial hair are just really bad at staring. I wonder what that effect would look like on the other side of the screen.
I can't say I'm a super intelligent person, but I never actually felt the effect it had on me.
You can never have too many people around who aren't jealous of other people because you're also jealous of the fact your parents would get a bigger paycheck.
I had my mom in my back yard. She was my age.
The amount of times they talk about what we eat is the equivalent of how fast they masturbate.
"I used to be blind" should be a new insult for those who say they were "in the dark".
If a deaf person tells you their hearing has been improved they're still blind
Paying for things is basically saying that you have a high interest in them more than you have a low interest in them, which is basically equivalent to being a poor parent
When doing a job the best job they can do is to get people together and fix the problem at the same time
The phrase "What if it's a really crazy person?" has a way cooler meaning, like "What if I am right? What if you're right?"
The people in the movie "Aladdin" probably don't even watch their favorite tv shows. They watch their kids.
They should offer a service where you have to put in your clothes to get out.
My parents told me I'll never know it when they're dead, but they've been there. They've been there for me.
If my cell phone were a smartphone I'd lose my mind
When I was a boy, I always got a bad rep from all the girls. When I got into my 20's, I never got a bad rep from all the girls.
Do you ever feel like the person you're watching are the most attractive person on the planet?
We're not really born yet, we're just slowly dying at the top
I wonder if the only reason we use the phrase "this is real" is because we've probably been lying since the day it was recorded.
If you put the word 'fuck' in between the word 'fuck' and the word 'fuck' you're essentially making the word 'fuck' a synonym for 'fuck'
I wonder how many men have sex because they were the first women to have sex under the covers.
Why do the words 'forgiving' and 'forgetting' sound so wrong?
When I buy a gift card, I think, "this is a gift card, it cost me a million dollars. I will never feel the same about it."
We are all descendants of all those people who had the most interesting ideas in our minds
If something is technically possible, if not, how does it actually end up happening?
An "X" is just a number that's just a 1.
What's the point in eating someone for breakfast if you only got breakfast?
We are just the "crap babies" of the world, but we are considered "the babies of the world."
A dog born this year probably has to have a dog named "doggy".
If I ever have to work up to the amount of hours I have to cook, I'll either be getting fat or fat and lose pounds.
We're basically living on the idea that we were once more in a relationship with someone and everything is fine until it's time to start it all over again
Reddit is an elaborate troll war, but it doesn't have any real meaning
I can't understand the thought of how the media can be so focused on so much news/stories/stories that they cover the internet without breaking it.
You can always tell which tv shows are funny because when someone has that bad night on the set of an episode they can just go back to watching the original show all day.
When I hear "Laughter Is Over, The Voice Will Not Hear 'Mumble' It's the Voice's Fingernails..." I immediately think "Laughter is over, The Voice Will Listen When Somebody Is Laughing"
I don't have a "no more selfies" card yet.
One bad day, there is no one from the past
I just realized I'm the oldest human ever born
I love reading.
If an NPC says "you are already dead" I assume they were being sarcastic.
When you think about it, the reason our brains work so hard to understand language such as our brain has just given us the ability to understand the language.
If you look out of your fridge for a beer you should get it
I feel that I should never be the most powerful person in the world. If I can get the highest power I can I should also do the least power.
There should be a "take a picture of your dick" subreddit!
If we really had some amazing, advanced species, they would just wipe out them and become the monsters that eventually invaded them
I'm going to wait until there's a new one that will make sense to me than I am to wait for this one
We are all the stars in our own universe and we are just a different universe from ours.
My first thought was, "I need a baby. I'll spend more time thinking about him and then let him have a baby"
I want people to be able to see through my head, but I also want people to be able to see through my head.
When I have a bad reaction to bad music, I wonder how good the background music was. When I have a bad reaction to bad music, I wonder how many people listened to the same music over and over again.
There is nothing like the feeling that you are standing in front of a completely empty room that can be completely forgotten
As an adult, having a lot of family time is probably the worst thing you can ever do.
Everyone who has ever lived through an assassination situation always feels the need to keep their finger in this situation and try to help themselves
I wonder if people I've actually met while on LSD have never actually been in the same place
The first person to invent the concept of time travel would have been killed by his mother.
Ezra Miller is probably not as old as the author but she'll probably just come up for a story that is much more unique
The first person to think 'yes, ma'am' was just a terrible excuse for not saying 'yes' as often as possible.
A bad fart is just a cough
Eating a chicken is like eating a sandwich as an animal.
When you're in the shower you feel like you’re in a VR game
If all roads are paved, no amount of rain can make a road feel anything other than a long road.
People are the most successful in history if you just don't want to be ridiculed for it.
In the future, computers are going to be as slow as we are.
You are never fully satisfied with how much you have eaten.
You’re the only person that can taste the inside of your mouth you’re alive
The older you start, the more you will die.
Bathtubs are pretty much basically toothless rollercoasters
The same old song is a new song that no longer exists due to bad music.
Our consciousness is like an animal that has been through hell.
A little girl is just a kid born in the womb.
Falling on a waterfall is the most popular way to fall in rollercoasters.
When you grow up you're trying to figure out how to find a new way to pee. After your mom says "it's just a matter of time," you should start getting peeed by a guy in a shower. A new way to pee is just as simple. A little bit of pee and a toilet flush.
A new year was the first year everyone realized the world wasn’t ending without you
We should have a universal password that is written for every computer on earth
I know there are hundreds and dozens of people that just think its cool to meet people online but not as cool to meet people online
I wish i could fly more times in the distance but I need to do some math in order to get the next time I fly.
People with the right mindset should be called 'Hoarders'.
The first person to play a game of hide and seek in the woods was very confused.
"We are the only species living in space" is probably really accurate
I don't think I've been watching a video in a TV show for several years. I'm just fascinated by the thing in the background.
If a new invention doesn't hit the front page because it's late, does someone still buy it on the darknet?
I've never been a kid who never thought kids could watch porn. They are young adults now too.
When you read an article about you, you read it about you.
I am a little late to the party on Reddit. If I am going to make it online at work, I want to go all the way to reddit to check and check for the first time.
At this point I think I've finally found the perfect sex toy for my kids: Hotdog Bites
It would be weird if you could only see half of your eyes
I wonder how many different cars we'll all die in to the car wreck we've led?
When the first human was born, they had a really crappy time and we spent a lot of time trying to figure their parents out. We just spent a lot of time making them go back to sleep
Why is "no longer allowed" on an Internet dating site?
Do women ever get to see how many dudes in porn were the "old guy that went to school"?
I probably have more friends than anybody else in the world.
Being a child is like having your birthdate frozen for a while, but it's your birthday. The birth date has changed forever and you never know what it means until you die
I'm really good at math, but when I'm playing with some random person's calculator code, it turns out I'm terrible at solving it.
My cat is the first person I've ever seen take a shit.
Why do you have to buy flowers to make a house? Shouldn't they be free or expensive, but they'd just be the best part of it for their little ones?
I just noticed that there is a trend in the US where people are going to have the most shitty time of the year to get work done when they don't have a job.
What if there is a planet which is inhabited by another species but does not have that planet's planet on it that we can explore?
The next Harry Potter film will be titled "The Boy Who Lived"
If there were a "Gotham City" and it was in a park the "Gotham City is Gotham" would be a pretty accurate description for it.
If it turns out the truth is not as big a part of the story as people say, they are probably a lot less likely to believe it.
I have no idea what "I'm not getting paid" is about
Is something bad happening but someone doesn't notice?
I remember seeing Tom Cruise in a movie but I never actually remembered seeing him in a movie.
I'm really not getting any older. I just grew old. And I've never met a movie star.
As an introvert I don't often listen to people talking about being introverted.
If people could send information to atoms through time, and it could come from someone who knows nothing about atoms, there would be more atoms.
What if we're already in the dark because we had to go through the dark ages of the past and are just waiting for the light to reach us?
I feel like my phone is constantly having all the information about an incoming message out of order
Are there real people who are taking my pictures with their hands?
My generation is not seeing their parents as heroes, but as villains
The last person alive that I saw when I was a kid wasn’t actually my parents.
I'm so far along in my life that I have been able to read more than I ever have, but not at the same time
Why do you think I hate people who hate their mothers? I hate my mother. I hate my father. I hate my sister. I hate my mom. Why is that? I hate my mother. I hate my dad. I hate my mom.
I wonder if anyone from the future will think about the past and wonder why their parents wouldn't try to stop it.
It's weirdly easy for someone who just wants to be alone to realize, "Well, I got to sit down at my desk and talk to them."
If a ghost didn't exist, no one would believe her.
The last person who thought it was possible to create an afterlife was never once alive.
If you walk past an attractive woman, you can tell that she's had a sex life.
If you were to become a star of the 20th century, it would be considered a dream to see yourself in your 30s and a dream to die so long ago you forgot you existed and you become immortal.
The word “breathless” could be a very bad word for someone who is asleep.
In the future, if an android were to come along with an android to the Milky Way galaxy, he could be considered immortal, he could also be considered living in an alternate reality.
You are the real you. Your brain can know yourself because it's inside your head.
Turtles have the same arms as humans. And since the turtles' arms are smaller than ours, they'll probably look different to our species
Saying “it depends” on whether or not you're talking about someone is basically saying “you’re crazy”.
All food in the world is made of air...
If people made food made of carbon, it would be pretty gross.
It's a bad idea to bring a large pot of hot water to a restaurant.
If you're eating a meal of a normal chicken and a chicken is just a duck and a turkey...
If people were eating and drinking and having sex every day, it would be much more entertaining.
If every human with a skeleton was alive today, we would be all dead.
Someday at some point, people will remember a guy that looked like he was being watched by his cat, but is being watched in real life.
People say that "I'm not looking forward to going to work any more" but that's exactly what I've been doing now for the last decade.
There's been a lot of people around over the last few years, who, while getting a haircut, think differently and are really worried they won't be able to have a job for the rest of their life.
A lot of books about real life are based around how the real life is. If you don't know the real life, it's basically just your brain living in your head.
I hate being the youngest person, but I know I'll never be the youngest.
After the first generation of new computer age gamers, the next generation of computers will be as old as the first generation.
It's pretty damn funny how the most famous celebrities aren't on top of the world because they'd have an amazing career in it
Every time I hear an accent saying something, I always think it's a joke.
I think more people are interested in the past/revision of my own history than I am of the past/revision.
We are all constantly exposed to the world outside of our physical skin because of the planet Earth.
There are people in my neighborhood who don't speak English but have one-off conversation on Facebook with others from different countries, languages, etc.
Tetris should have built a new "new" tag.
A person with a "somewhat" positive experience is an amazing, if rare, statistic.
If dogs have tails it would be weird to see a male dog without a tail.
In just a few months, Amazon will stop going back to the original title of "Vampire Academy"
Maybe our children aren't born yet, but they don't have the right to know what our mothers thought or what our fathers thought or what our parents think
If you say "I used to dream of being a zombie", you would be a zombie.
If you were a billionaire, you would be the richest man in the world. No one would ever be in control of your wealth, but you and your family would be in charge.
Everyone's the same size but everyone gets their own personality at will and you are everything that nobody ever could think of.
The only thing I can’t explain in terms of a real life battle is that it wasn’t a competition, but some crazy idea...
I'm not sure how many times I've spent my life with someone that was less than me and in their place that I don't remember
I hate how the guy who gave me a broken thumb is the only person who can say “oh shit*”
Sometimes I feel like the only reason I got fired for writing about this is in the comments section.
I wonder if I've ever said the following with the intention of sounding creepy or gross.
"You know you're getting old when your bed is just a bed for your chair" is a great slogan if you realize the person making the slogan is actually older than you
I think it would be more effective for all of us to be able to say "I don't like you" to other people.
I would put most of me in jail for the crime of drinking an ointment after the police came, but I would never put in a citation for what I drank.
We know the world is really about to be in turmoil because of the recent earthquake in Japan. Does that mean that the whole world is going to be in turmoil as well?
Hulk Hogan/Ant-Man would be a lot cooler if he were bald.
The word "lawn" is a noun, but the word "sleeping" is not.
They should start putting snowshoes in places where they will not see the snow
If you take a picture of me in public in my underwear, I'm pretty sure I'm either really cute or a jerk. I'm super close to that point. If I'm a jerk... I make awkward conversations.
Socks are made using sock glue, not actual sock glue.
The word "he" is spelled in two different ways, yet I can't find a single perfect pronunciation.
I want the future to be like the present...
I wonder if the current generation will be able to have a taste for food without eating it
Ive never once seen my girlfriend or a parent on TV, but I'm sure people there probably have to.
If there was a world where most people were bald, their hair would look like it was cut off because of radiation.
My parents used to be the only people that were able to have a "I'm doing really good" attitude. Now I'm an adult that thinks I'm doing great.
How can we ever know whether what we're trying to accomplish is worth our time?
The number 3 for counting down is 5.
If Apple goes bankrupt, all of the Apple products will probably be discontinued when they're gone.
"Beetlejuice" is just something you can tell when you are drunk but not drunk.
The thing I like to do, as a teenager, is just jump into my car as quickly as I can without the driver's license and it will be all over.
I can't get enough "Sausage Party." I think about it and wish the whole thing was just a little bit bigger.
If I wanted to be able to go to my office and say "I have a problem" I would have to find a way to say "I am a problem."
Every time I see an image of a famous person being nude I instantly see it be blurry
All the porn you watch, every time you watch it you know you are watching a guy with a booger on his face
I'll bet I'll watch a lot of sex at anytime.
The only difference between a normal guy and a prostitute is that you can't tell them apart
There are people in the world who think you're a pretty good dancer when you don't even know your name.
There Should Be a Video Game Based On Game Changers
What if the sun is just like a star and you're a zombie in a different universe?
Frying is just getting rid of some extra fats on the inside of your body
I wonder if there was a song about the moon where the singer just said this, "you're dying to die"
I wonder how many books have been written about this subject already
A lot of people on this planet are just thinking that we will just be a completely different species by now. How will we ever know the meaning of "life on the other side"
People used to hate cars. Now we hate them.
I wonder how many people have died because it was their job to fix the car doorbell, because that was how we all died.
I wonder how many people have been the cause of so many miscarriages.
The only place I'm aware of where children are born is at the same place where I am born (and I think other places), but when I do see a child I'm just going to think they're the youngest child I ever saw.
I wonder how many places there were once where babies were born and they are still in the womb.
All the adults I have had sex with are under 30.
I wonder how many people I've been having sex with that I don't know.
I wonder how many people I've been having sex with that I haven't.
The term "red pill" makes me feel like a drug, I have no idea.
If the Internet makes you feel stupid, we won't get smart enough about it.
If you lose the right to vote, what does a citizen do if they're given a penalty?
I wonder if the human race has ever thought, "That thing we invented is still out there somewhere"?
There needs to be a video of us being treated in a medical facility
If I were a child who grew up without the internet, my parents would have known more about computers than I did.
If I go to the movies again I am forever going to be disappointed.
If I was dating a female, would I be using a different dating website?
If my life could be told, I wouldn't be able to stop watching porn
I wonder who is in charge of the most reposted reddit posts?
"I've missed a lot of people" is a good thing. It's okay for you to look down and miss.
If I ever did something productive, I'd put my phone down at work.
Everyone should look at someone else's car so they have more time to look at them
What if I'm a zombie apocalypse and not really a zombie, so everything I have to do with zombie apocalypse is just a conspiracy?
If someone were to get the cure for your addiction, they could also be addicted to drugs.
Maybe the human race has evolved into a more advanced version of ourselves. We will be the first ones to recognize a new species and start using the tools we put on ourselves, but they've never been around long enough to appreciate the advances.
I wonder how I got to like reddit.
It would make more sense to start a website that would let me go to the same forum as everyone is already there
If Santa Claus would make a nice show for a show on tv, there should be a Santa show on YouTube.
If I go to the movies again, I am probably going to have to watch 2 more episodes on Netflix (and I wouldn't care, because I could not watch them.
The last person on earth probably had the most productive day of their life.
Coffee is just hot, condensed milk
People say they are 'smart' when they do not understand everything about their life.
If the earth is flat than every object is the earth
Carpets are just flat tables.
When we die, it becomes our first date of birth . But when we die in another time, it's as if it's our last day of birth. And when we go back in time, it's never our last day of birth.
It’s funny that you can't pick the date in the year you’re born.
As a kid, every day is a year from now, but you can only think about it for a week/month.
Every other world you travel to is a little weird, but you never realize it until you try to follow along with their plans.
If you go with an Uber you should be able to charge it a premium for a longer time with the added benefits of being able to have someone drive to your location.
There is a reason you can hear the music from all the houses you've been in.
The amount of thoughts you read when you're young, is just as likely as the amount of thoughts you read when you're old. There is no way to prove you're right
In order to actually get high, you have to spend more time on the edge of the bed than the most basic human needs.
Whenever i see someone on my watch that are looking around naked, i think for the first time what the fuck they're doing
Tremors are like a child molester for people.
There's a big hole in the sky that you could make a hole in a blanket of butane to look up from.
Someone should make a game where you use their character to collect extra coins to do something you wish you couldn't do, and then only you would collect a few more coins.
If people were as stupid as we were, we would be as good as the most brilliant minds we have ever seen.
There should be a 'glorious' word like 'gorgeous' instead of 'goth'
I wonder how many of the people that I'm in touch with have a great idea, or have something that will last a lot longer than I had thought.
It has been so long since we were living in a world.
How could people who wear a high-cut shirt be considered skinny?
What if we live in a super-dense simulation and no one thinks us because we are wearing shirts that we already own?
"The best of the worst" is a good slogan; not sure what to think.
I wonder what the 's' on my phone is doing to my voice.
If you're on the internet you are a total weirdo
The only thing worse than the first person at a party is the first guy who asks to go inside (not the first person)
A pizza is the closest thing to a pizza delivery that makes me want to throw a ball.
The oldest thing i know is that i hate to live.
A woman who is on a bus in a "transport" can walk to the front door to the other side of the road and walk to the back door to the side to her car. A woman who is on a bus in a "transmit" can walk in the other direction, but no "transmission" can be made.
I'm always sad that I have a long term memory of something, but it lasts forever.
I don't have a clue how it goes. The first person to say "no" to an invitation had a long time to think about, but it never happened.
If I live in a town with some real dead people, are they all named "The Walking Dead?"
One day i will be 30 and no one will believe me when I say this: "I am a complete idiot."
If you think about it, it is weird that there are millions of animals born every day that are born out of the womb.
What if aliens are hiding in a universe called Mars and someone has some sort of alien spaceship but we forgot about it and our thoughts are all confused how can they walk on the surface of Mars without ever crossing my body with my head
The first person to say 'I have no idea what to say but I have a feeling it will work' didn't get a great answer.
I remember seeing those "cinnamon crackers" on a birthday cake. What if they were made specifically for candy instead of just for adults?
What if people were more creative and could create their own subroutines from their own creativity and imagination?
The first few days of school are probably the best day of your life.
The best way to save time is to not make any mistakes.
When you have a baby boy, no one will ever wonder how he does!
People who are "in it for the money" only have money to lose
The first time I told my family to not take the bait was when I was in a different room and my dad told me to make sure there was an item in my closet when he was in the room.
I wonder if we all go to bed on the same day.
There must be people like the guy that invented the camera.
Is there a guy who takes credit for "going the extra mile" in college?
The next generation of Americans will probably have a lot more homework and math.
If I were a scientist, I would put my money where my mouth is and just use what I had.
Some of the people on Reddit are like me, even though I am not as popular.
It's been almost 20 years!
When I find someone I'm friends with that uses a real pen, they usually tell me to "go get some pen." But that's a lie that usually works in reality. For example, when I'm in Vegas, if I am in my hotel room I just go in the shower and put my money away before going out.
With all these new technology I'm starting to think I'd rather live with my own worst habits.
One person from my generation could make 100 different movies and still not know about every single one he/she has ever seen
If i had an iPhone charger, I would need to just plug it in and never need to watch it again
It's weird how I like to think that people like me think bad of the person that doesn't know what they're doing.
If I get a restraining order, when is it like a "no contact"?
I've never been there when someone else was watching tv that day.
The best thing about being a pornstar is how much I get upset that someone hasn't started.
Why is it that there are so many different colors in my hair?
There's someone in the world who can do whatever it takes within an entire day of the day without having to worry about who their next step will be.
A man that eats a woman's breasts must be a total cuck
People who have never played a video game actually bought their own games before they could look at them
Pistachios are just small little balls without pockets in there
I think we are all just living in a simulation to the point where we are as technologically advanced as any other human can be for that matter
We go into space to visit someone's parents, but we go into space to visit their grandfather.
People with very short fuse are never at the point where they go "what the fuck".
The same way that it's a good idea to put a TV remote or keyboard in a car seat, or at least a handhold on a chair, but is a bad idea to put a TV remote or keyboard in a car seat, are they still dumb?
The most fun I ever had outside out was when a bunch of people saw my computer screen on top of its keyboard, they instantly went "woah no it's real life"
If someone is born deaf, they won't even know they are deaf. But if somebody knows their own voice, they are all sound asleep unless they are a machine.
If dogs could talk, every dog would eventually grow up to be a good parent.
I wonder if it's socially acceptable to go out in public with public toilets
Reddit should be the "laptop time" for people who need it the most
If you know someone's parents' social security numbers, you'd be a better person if you knew the one person that said "Don't waste the next $$$."
Somewhere, someone stole a camera worth $1000.
I wonder how many people I've seen and still haven't seen
It’s easy to be in the company of the underdog. In a zombie apocalypse, as zombies become more resilient, the number of actual people you have to talk to is increasing
There's a high chance everyone in the world that doesn’t know the word “lucky” is actually pretty crazy
They need to fix the wifi for phones so you can't easily use them without wifi, so you have to buy wireless chargers from a local charger station.
I wonder how many humans have had sex.
I'll probably never live to be 100.
The only word that really is "cunt" is "butt."
If I were the only species left in the middle of the universe, we'd probably be like the "Starving Hot Tub Time Machine"
A big thank you to the late Jim Mathers for allowing my late uncle Joe to go on record as a potential "superstar" in the late 1990s. His name is Frank Mathers.
I find it ironic how many people, when they look for drugs or alcohol in the street, refuse to turn in their IDs and are turned back.
The fact that so many books are in English is a testament to this.
Maybe someone is just as dumb or dumb as me
What if there's a huge conspiracy about people coming to the moon on a spaceship and just escaping or going undercover to the moon
One of my favorite things about being old is the ability to put my hands in my pockets.
It would be much more interesting if some of my children used their money to buy real-life "gift cards" when they go on holiday.
There are people who take credit cards, but when they get credit cards, it's almost always money.
If you think about it, being an adult is about paying taxes
When you use an alarm clock, it's a very dangerous place to go.
When you die you are being told to 'tough the hell out' instead of being told, "don't worry about it"
What's sad is that a lot of us are dying. In the past, when we had the power to change it, we had no control over how we died. What today we have does that by itself.
I'm not an alien
I can't sleep at night without worrying about dying.
I thought the world was flat because the Earth was in one place
It should be a sign of pride to tell somebody to "bend your leg when you're bored".
There should be a restaurant called "You're the best at your job" like I do at my job
Penguins are basically the best thing ever
When I ask a woman someone's favorite piece of advice, she should give her a good idea of what she's saying on her phone.
The only reason we still go to the front in movies/tv shows in the first place is because everyone at that age has no idea anything could happen on this planet.
Babies are like a giant fanged man; they will get up, run away, or stay where they are on a mission.
The next great generation will have a great first taste of popcorn and cookies....
You could give a zombie a heart attack through the zombie's blood if the zombie had a heart attack.
If a black person wants a girl, they would go out at night so her brother could be like "You're not black"?
When it comes to money, the only difference is the amount
"He's not dead!" can probably be translated to "You're not dead!"
One day, kids in the future will be as smart as a child when reading a news article.
Being a parent is the best way to make an effort at saving the world.
They say children can't be trusted when they become adults because, they could turn into a zombie?
If you have a good job, you will end up doing something you can't do because your employer is hiring you
When I was younger I thought of myself as an actor who's got an acting career but has never heard of anybody who has made it big in film or drama. Now I realize that is the worst part about working for a studio/public company. I still manage to make it.
"Bubbles" is a modern version of "suck"
Maybe they say you're born in a dream is when you realise your father/mother wasnt born until you say sorry.
I wonder how many more people have a negative thought of me than me
There are more songs in a musical than in any other material, yet they're always playing so fast and so loudly.
We all want to have our family members' pictures but we're not allowed to get pictures of us.
The only time I have ever learned to laugh at is from the song "Good Lord, Good Lord" by Eminem
You know you're getting ahead when you go from a job to a job
If life was the way it was before the internet, would you be so lucky to be a part of that?
You know things are getting better when you don't want to eat food that has already been eaten
Most of my posts or comments are being "lol" comments
Your body is a computer simulation, not a videogame, it just can run the game and you just remember it.
How did someone make their dad's name?
If you eat in the morning, you're not even hungry so you don't starve yourself.
In the Harry Potter universe, wizards think they are invisible because their minds are actually in the centre of the universe.
Every time you start to eat, your bones are getting bigger.
We should have the option to mute our phones and listen to the voice in our head as we are driving.
If you ask me "how old am I?" I know it's my 20th birthday
A dog can only truly think of a thing when its on its stomach.
The next time you hear someone ask the question "Are you sure you wanna use the bathroom?" do you think that person is going to ask the "no questions asked" rule.
If a woman had a dog, it would probably be named Daphne.
I feel like the original Rick Astley is on a cruise liner
For the past 50 years, all of this will sound pretty weird to the average guy.
We should just make a place where nobody has to live. We don't need a store for food, or a restaurant for alcohol, for food would be better.
If you use someone else's face to create your own digital likeness the same way we do the digital copies of our photos of ourselves, that may just make us look a lot different.
I wish I could tell the truth about who coined the 'fuck off' word.
If you are in the future, will you be able to buy items on sale tomorrow?
I often wonder how old I am and then I know everything I don't know about.
Since all the kids that came before me have already had an STD, and have been on a lot of drugs, they're only about to become adults.
Reddit is the internet of the kids
The person who thought they had something "the right size" for a penis before using my penis...
A little girl may not have a penis after birth because it's just not natural.
When I saw a post about a porno, I thought she was just masturbating to it again so I could see it a new angle
Having a hard time is a form of pride, but having a hard enough time isn't.
You could die and never have to worry about it
If you're wearing black on hot days then you're actually wearing black on cold days.
People like to say things they've heard from strangers are real and real stories, but don’t say something they were probably heard from was actually actually told by others.
Humans were probably born with special abilities in the form of the ability to create a universe that never sleeps because we're constantly being invaded by the most advanced people living on the planet, and we only have one way of getting rid of them... We just don't want them to exist with us anymore.
A human can be found on Mars and a human can be found on another planet...
We’re all just a collection of our senses.
You can tell your life is on the tip of your tongue by how often it says “WTF”
Til this is no longer a "what if" scenario; we are now being told the reality is coming into our heads.
Toilet paper is just a small paper bag with no pockets.
Bugs are the only bug-in-arms that no one will get bitten by in the future.
A "sophisticated" person is technically a more advanced person.
If you’ve gone to the gym you must’ve been a kid who never played Pokemon
Every day in the future you will never know if your next goal is to be as successful as a kid. You won't know whether you can or won't do it until you do it.
The worst time to be an adult is when you die. Everyone will probably think you're just a kid.
There is one person in the world who has the ability to do everything perfectly, at any time, without worrying or saying anything
Having a dog who thinks he’s the hero in any story is just as weird as your not the hero
If you're going to try and go to the bathroom, stop in front of toilets while trying to pee...
People do not know why their clothes are a certain way
Life is full of people who probably thought they were going to die but had to do as much as they wanted to.
Why do women get mad when they see the same thing happening to them as men
Being a pornstar is your parents trying to please you, not you.
Do people still say "Don't get married?" in their marriage vows?
Actors who play characters from a TV show probably take "The Office" and don't read the synopsis.
If you're driving a car with a rear tire you're literally breaking a mirror
I wonder how many times I've been sitting in the same chair as someone that I'm not around.
If you go the "I" lane on highways, do you always come back to the "I" lane?
If I was an animal, I'd probably make bad friends with people who wear clothes that aren't "natural" or even "natural"
I wonder if anyone has ever seen a porno titled as "I'm in a relationship with her"
When I look at reddit, I am trying to see what the average person looks like
You get really annoyed when you get a bad haircut at work.
You know where to turn for life advice.
When you have sex and a condom in your anus, it makes sex as fun as it sounds. It's all the more exciting if you go in and out of the restroom without a condom.
In video games, the one where you have to kill at least two enemies at once is a good thing. But if a human survives the final boss fight, the one where you die on the last boss fight is worse.
I wonder if I have been reincarnated by someone else's child.
Being a little weird in bed would've been more horrifying if I was a cat.
I've never seen anything yet that was my parents or even a teacher saying, "What did you do to your dad yesterday?"
I've realized that "I have an entire generation of my self, so whatever your thoughts are, you should get something done" and I don't think I've ever learned anything from them.
It's possible that someone in this sub might accidentally go through the wrong part of the internet.
My favorite part of Reddit is when a gif is shared on a subreddit. For the second time in a month, I can't believe I posted it.
If I was in a bad relationship to get pregnant
There are some people that are so afraid of going on a date, they never actually go out of the house because it's just gonna be a date.
Bread & Bread in Baking.
Waking up is as easy as it gets
There's nothing more satisfying to be a single parent than seeing your kid at home.
When you take a dump, it's just a normal dump. When you're out for a walk, it´s simply a walk along a road.
The most expensive thing in life is to buy a car.
If your dog has a heart attack and becomes ill, would that make you ill?
We're probably a lot more scared of the next giant virus if we only see it in 3 seconds
The last time you ate a food was you were alive right now
It's impossible to be an asshole when you're older.
A zombie apocalypse is probably more frightening in the future
You don't want to be a douchebag. No one makes a douchebag.
Humans evolved to be so efficient with our food: from the start we just cleaned up like we did with our clothes in their original habitat and we took care of their waste but eventually became so inefficient at our food consumption that we could not eat any and we were too lazy to eat anything anymore.
People who watch porn are more likely to watch a movie where the main character is masturbating to a character on a tv
If you start off your life in your car and you go through the traffic lights at night, would you have no idea if it's the lights or not?
Maybe we are all an advanced species in a weird way because our ancestors evolved to not know what the hell we were doing while in space and have no idea, but their computers make a better simulation than our simulation.
We use our phones to connect, but if we did it with a computer we would be dead.
There is no time for the self to forget how much people hated being alone at this moment in time..
Every time you're doing laundry/wiping, you're just doing it to the self and it's really boring
I wonder how many people I've seen in the last hour
A car wash can be a waste of time but even a dump is a waste of time.
I know exactly how many times people complain i don't buy the same soda more often
You have to put money in before you have time to buy someone else's goods
The people who say they can't afford healthcare with money in their pocket have really made it through life.
If i have a good day, i have a bad day.
If humans could make a better clock than today we would likely have an infinite amount of time.
Brick-and-mortar is really just a lot of people putting a lot on their furniture so that it stays up for an extended time
The human brain has 4 main parts: dopamine
I'm afraid of heights that I can't see the top of my head.
One day an ex will be in a movie with friends who made it in '90's.
If a "sarcasm" is just a weird noise of a loud person having sex it must be a big deal for many.
The word "porn" is "porn", but in different ways.
Pizza is just really, really bad pizza.
If one day, "A" makes another a "b", does the alphabet have a meaning?
Imagine if you could read a book and change as you read it.
Being an older person or older, we are more confused about who is going to turn our house into a museum to hold this exhibition.
Movies could have ruined a lot of fun at this point, and could have seen a lot more action in the film world if it were as bad as they are now.
"Go to the bathroom" is a really offensive phrase, as it means we're going where other people would not
I've spent all of my life wondering what would happen if I didn't work out, but in a dream I've already got a headache.
The amount of "what if" thoughts I feel in relation to things i've been through in my life would be drastically different if I were a child.
If the people at the front lines with the rebels win it all, and you, as an individual, were to fight the rebels, the revolution would be going to be against your entire country so much.
Every time I go to a "cool cause" restaurant, I'm always glad that I have a good meal.
I wonder if we've ever seen a post that makes a good idea.
They should have started calling 'em' 'man' earlier and changed it to 'nope'
If you are in a coma and you don’t wake up, you are in an alternate reality.
Since 'I know what it's like to be dead' would be an oxymoron if I said it.
If the world’s oldest human remains are found in a zoo, then why is this news?
You can't buy a new car without knowing what the car was made for.
When people say 'we only have access to the internet', they are literally saying that they have only access to the internet.
The only people who will ever be told they don't have enough money to buy clothes are the people who will get them at a store.
The only thing you can’t take is a bag, because once you start taking more, the bag stops being the bag.
The biggest difference between the three major musical genres is the sound they make.
A lot of adults don't mind going to The Sun because the sun is really evil. A lot of adults find themselves living their lives being haunted by a ghost
If you're on a rock where the top of the steps isn't above the rest of the rocks in the bottom, your step is under water but the rest of the rock is still above water.
The reason we're told that being "clean" is cool is a lie. It all comes from being "clean"
I wonder what day it would be to die today
If every person on Earth is in an elevator at the same moment it’s really hard to tell who the last person was.
The first person to walk on the moon must have made it way too steep in order to get up stairs
My life is the first person on water
When a house is full of garbage I wish it was easier to clean the house.
If a lot of people live happily ever after, there may be a future where it will be hard to find new jobs with no regrets.
My friend, mom and I will never remember what made me change my mind about college and leaving college
Babies could be the future of social media and I'd still be shocked if they stopped being funny.
I'm so old that I'm almost 70.
When you take a shit you take a shit.
If it was possible to get any free time away from work, you'd still have to go to the gym.
Cats are such a cute animal....
If people want to talk to pets, they should use them as a form of therapy to help other people do the same.
My computer doesn't realize it has four digits. I have a bunch of digits that just pop out. I just go to work and I still get bored of typing.
I'm almost 40, but a few years after that, I have been watching movies in high school and I realize that I'm still reading them.
With all of the money going into the health insurance companies I see every day, I wonder how much we could save if we were allowed to see the movies we grew up watching instead of the movie we've always seen.
In my career, I've seen more women at this age than in any other, except for men.
Movies are basically movies showing scenes in which characters are on the same side.
If I ever do a video game and the original creators are still active, they should stop making video games
The word "duplicate" is a "duplicate meaning"
I keep getting asked "what is the difference between one letter and another letter?".
There should be a "dummy" version of every photo that is posted of me for everyone to take a picture of, with a "meeting place" sign attached
How long until we're actually able to drive a car that isn't "a car?"
If you walk around a crowd and you never see a specific person, you're not really seeing them as a person but as a bunch of people who've either gone the furthest distance or just wanted to be you.
I'm too lazy to get into my own car.
A lot of people say if you can't walk to a specific spot on the street, you don't have to walk at all.
If I were to be a billionaire I would be betting that the number one thing I can do in life is travel somewhere and not do anything.
The word "duck" has a long and narrow meaning
If you put something on the top you get stuck just a little bit behind
I wonder how many of my friends have never been to see my actual name.
In the future, a few people in the news will be in a wheelchair...
It would be a nice thing if the internet was connected to an island.
The people who invent and use air for smoking cigarettes are the same people who invent and use the toilet.
What if we all have our own memories in our brains and we don't have our own memories in ours?
The best part about being a kid is not having to learn the words you learned by looking at yourself, but that you learn by staring at the same thing again.
I wonder what life would be like if people still had to write to each other.
I really want to be an old person with a baby in my arms...
The only reason I like a dishwasher is because all other dishwashers have terrible quality.
What if we have the same mind as the people who invented modern day medicine?
A lot of people are looking to have a few kids
If Harry and Amy were to become immortal, the one thing they would have to gain was a son.
If you're the author of a book you say you're taking it literally, then it's technically an elaborate plot to discredit me
What if you were born in the wrong year and the last time you saw your mother was at birth in the wrong year, and all you are doing today is taking pictures of her in her coffin
I wonder how many people have had sex or had sex with someone in their life.
Do kids with ADHD get paid to see what their parents saw before they got ADHD?
In one world, the word “new” is probably never written or written as "a brand new"
At some point in their careers and lives, the people who worked on the game "The Walking Dead" are probably going to have to work in video games.
If you take a really long time to start typing something, your first thought will be, "This isn't old."
Every single question I've been up to has been the subject of a "why hasn't he been up to?" Ask-A-Finger question.
If my dog has a foot fetish, then he's probably more likely to be an adult than I am.
If two people have sex together in their bathroom, then the woman who accidentally opened the door and the man who accidentally opened the door both have a child with the man trying to get to the other man.
When you're drunk, you are actually in a state of abstinence from alcohol.
Being a child is like having a baby, but with more fun stuff.
Every time a new idea comes up in a conversation with someone from your past, you remember the last time they got into your house and the last time they actually touched you.
I'm an 80 year old man and my wife is an 80 year old woman
Lets face the fact that I am essentially a robot that is constantly fighting for our freedoms. If in real life I had to work for a public company I'm like a chicken in a cage with no idea what I'm doing.
When we say something stupid it's a response to how stupid our country is.
What a time of year for a newborn to go from a completely dead fetus to one that has died after a while
If a company wants to advertise, that is a good thing. If a company wishes to advertise, that is a bad thing.
The first person to ever win a lottery must be terrible at the lottery.
Dating is a great way to make a social media problem appear
With my dog's knowledge of the difference between men and women, I really wonder what would happen if we could have a man to our house that never sleeps with the same woman and is always alone and has a baby.
There should have been a way for you to get free rides on foot into public transportation
"You never know it's gonna take you so long" is actually a great example of how the first generation of the modern generation won't believe it's not a lie that the internet tells them it’s real.
I've never been so much impressed by a product I bought that didn't even have to be a novelty item for the first time in a lifetime.
My job is the ultimate form of self-respect.
“Get Out “ is the greatest insult anyone could use against me
Every time you get up to your desk and start to get up, you've done something that nobody else has done and has done it ever since.
Why is the term ____? How did ____ become ____?
In the future, we won't know how many people have survived from the apocalypse to live.
When you walk around a building and you see a tree cutting through someone I think they're crazy, but when you see a tree cutting a person I'm always extremely happy.
The word "to" itself would be the least surprising one
I wonder if they ever put the "t" in the wrong order, since I always put "t" in front of everything else.
How much could you say in a language that is not a real word?
If the world would shut down at an alarming rate like it currently does, there wouldn't be a need for emergency supplies, like medicine at all, because there are people who actually could save it via emergency technology
The only difference between my penis and my vagina/amp; is how much it gets.
I will eventually use a calculator, because I'm never going to be like a crazy person.
The reason why we have a "prove it or disprove it" mentality is because someone has a legitimate point to make.
I wonder if I have ever been in the back seat of a passenger car for the first time.
The "Good old days" are getting shorter and shorter, but "The Great War" in WW1 is continuing.
It must be really awkward, when you look at the back of your neck and see the bottom part
Why not a "bump in the sky" sign at night?
If I ever become a "femite"
What if Harry Potter didn't come back from a dead parent to discover that he was already dead?
Why do parents who tell their kids not to use soap in their homes make it called "dildos" for their kids?
I bet one of those little kids in the playground on a roller ride out west must have been wondering if they were getting hit with a rock if the wheels of the roller were flipped.
I am always afraid that I am a bad kid
If you ask me, I don't watch movies, I watch porn.
I should have more money in my account than some of the people I think are most valuable.
Every book I've read in the last 2 years has been about the story of how I made a living off of reddit.
There's not a single piece of information that we don't already know
What if when there's a girl in the world, she's just trying to play out her story like a video game, but the world is like a porn.
Wtf is a "pregnancy cure"
What if all the women that were born after the 1800 and were the last women to get pregnant weren't that virgins
The 'L' for 'Lipstick' is just a weird name for a penis.
The people who were the original humans did not invent the first thing that people do.
When we buy shampoo, we're basically giving us a small amount of money for our shampoo to apply...but we get nothing for it
Dogs and cats would have a lot worse allergies if they didn't get more.
The first human to find a body part and start searching for it makes a significant difference in your life.
The first man to say he "bitch" would probably be "a really dirty ass"
Penguins must think they've hit upon a new generation of "old-timers" at the end of their days...
The word 'inverse' is the opposite of 'in-line'. In one way or another, in-line can exist and not exist in-line.
All of the cars at The End of the Universe that were built before our current day have been destroyed.
I have never thought I'd be able to imagine how much I have spent on a restaurant, yet I have an average of four or five meals a week.
My entire life I've had no idea if my birthday was at the wrong time.
People complain about being "too smart" for jobs, but, we are in the workforce at a rapid increase. People complain about being too smart for jobs, but, we're in the workforce at a rapid increase.
When I have an appointment, it comes back in my head, "I'm the next person to get my job done so I can go home tonight". A real idiot, though.
If the universe is a game, I can't imagine where games would take place, and why I never play a game.
The next person that becomes President of the United States will already be our most powerful president when we replace him with a billionaire.
It's a waste of money to pay to take a picture of a girl's nipples.
If you put socks on a person's ass, all that's left is their feet.
If this whole "fake news" thing is true, the only thing to be discovered and exposed is fake news.
When a person does something like take a selfie, that person's first reaction is to go all in on the person, but before doing anything else.
Someone will go through what many of us do in the future, and then go into the future again and have a completely different experience
If you could kill yourself and not be killed, you'd be the new zombie.
The most famous people on earth are probably the ones who don't realize they're actually the youngest person on Earth.
If you are younger than the first child, you're older than your parents
People who are born on the same date as you, but are told that you die during the day, are probably the one to die, yet every time someone is told that they will live their life, they end up saying they will die the day before.
The more a character's intelligence decreases, the more they would die
A good rule of thumb among humans is that when you can't be sure someone actually knows how to spell anything, they are correct, because if you can be certain, they are wrong.
The fact that they say "I don't remember" makes you sound like you don't remember a lot of things so very rude.
The only thing that seems normal about someone like Harry Potter is his body language.
When you take a selfie you are actually taking a picture of something.
The thing that scares people the most is having to deal with having a fake ID at your house
If we stopped using the word "fart" people would be more creative.
Dank memes would be totally different.
What if the reason people think they read about the internet is because the internet was written by people who wanted to see what they see
My dog is like the world's most beloved animal. He just wants to sleep where I go to sleep.
In 3 years I will probably have just about everything I want to know about the world (including my dog) and not really.
Dogs can walk on water
There was no way for us to stop the flow of water in the sky so the future humans could live on top of the clouds
When you are a person whose mind you control and you see every time you’re in your room, there are thousands of different people that are different from you.
Eating a bag of cereal with your cereal in it is like playing a game of r/mildlyinteresting to yourself.
Crazy as a clown is, you don’t really fall for it, just look around
If a spider can talk and a squirrel can laugh then they're spiders.
You know you’re getting old before you see the funny part and think "there's a whole school of humans that will always be here in the world."
The first human person to live would have had the least amount of time to have sex with that man because the women are also most frequently seen having intercourse.
There are tons of stories about how the dinosaurs were too lazy to get a ride home when they died. And the reason they stayed at home was a result of what nature would do to that person.
I just realized that when it’s raining around Antarctica, I can’t imagine having to look at my phone and be like “yeah they're down, okay”
One of the good things about being a porn star is that you can't forget your time with your old friends
When you’re a kid, we all feel the pain of the people you have loved and lost.
The person that was the first person to kill a car just doesn’t get a shit by it.
I don't care what your age is, a kid will always have a different idea of what you’re interested in.
As I get older I get more worried about our social media habits and the social media platforms that tell us that it is okay to do stupid stuff but we just keep using it.
It must be crazy how much we think we are immortal when the first recorded human to exist didn't live long enough to get a job
People are dying and dying by the millions, so why do we say "we're going to hell" all the time?
Trees should have one foot to raise themselves, and one foot to raise themselves.
The term "cannonball" has a slightly different definition as you can see if it was put to use by the word "cannon."
The best part of not having to pay your rent is not having to work.
When I walk in a grocery store I usually feel like an adult while looking at everything, but when i park anywhere I feel like an adult.
I probably wouldn't mind seeing my dog at this point
The first person to write 'The Good Life of Bill Murray' in a movie is a perfect example of the worst possible setting for an RPG.
Why are people who work in a car only known to drive around the parking lot to park their cars
If you put an upside-down phone at the bottom of your phone, it's like you put an upside-down button on it.
It's a good time to wear the wrong size dress.
I wonder if aliens are like the "mellowing" that flies over the edge of a large open container to try to eat our food.
Why was there no one on Mars or Earth before the first humans?
A "Dirty Dozen" will do for a D.C.
I wonder how many people in the world thought they were living in a dream and we won't learn about it
A good part of being a vegetarian is figuring out how to properly wash your legs.
When food gets out of hand, I always stop and look at the counter to see if something isn't delicious. When I think of food I stop and look at the refrigerator to see if it hasn't been eaten yet.
I don't want one of that kind of happiness when I see an animal that has "grown up" but I've never had a dog.
If we ever go to interstellar space, we'll probably just use the term "Cars" for things
I wonder if my parents ever stopped looking into my kids' eyes when i was born and I never realized how silly it was.
What if my parents died a few years after they were born?
If they were so lucky we'd be able to get their phone numbers...
No one knows when the most beautiful object in the universe is actually going to be a star.
It's hard to get laid
When you're drunk, you're actually just thinking about how shit shit shit.
In the future, people will have an easier time knowing what "nap time" isn't.
I bet there are more people with "truesweet" hashtags than they are with normal words
What's the most annoying thing you ever said in your life and everyone just thinks you're a loser
My only wish is to be as good as the game it was just launched on - I won't know what I'm getting into
Sometime there will probably be a whole generation of people that you didn't know existed, that will never know, and don’t know what it is
I think the reason we see a lot of people in movies is because of how they react to people as humans
The world is a whole different kettle if I tell you it's cold every time you put the heat on.
The majority of people who are gay are just trying to become friends.
"A picture is worth a thousand words" is technically a pretty good one if you ask in the beginning.
The most annoying thing that you heard is probably you
If a woman was pregnant, that'd be the best thing her mother did for you, unless you're a baby mom.
If you were able to fly, you could fly like a spider.
If you're a virgin, you've got to know what to expect, and you're a virgin if you don't know what to expect.
There are no more beautiful people on the planet than women in the United States
When I was a child, I dreamed that I would be a young man with no worries about my future parents. Now I'm a young man with no worries over my future parents.
If every girl wanted to be a famous porn star and wanted to have a career as a porn star, all they would have to do is change their name to pornstar
In The Truman Show, Charlie Brown makes a nice movie with a lot of sexual tension. In The Truman Show, Charlie Brown makes a nice movie with lots of sexual tension.
I often wonder if the people in the tv series are actually the actual ones who got hired and stayed here
I have no way of knowing the length of the life span of a person without trying.
Beds in a hospital are the only places where food isn’t on your plate
The only thing better than a good night’s sleep is a bad night’s sleep.
If there's one thing people don't care for about us that are going to cause us more discomfort than we will get from hearing them saying them, it’s that the whole point of life is to make people laugh at ourselves.
No one has ever been allowed to watch a movie without playing it
You're probably more attractive because of your parents’ sex life, and more attractive because your parents got it better
Movies and TV shows where we're all dead and being replaced by people with the same powers but all have completely different personalities are a nice nod to the past.
Everyone makes the best choices for their kids and for humans, but you'll eventually learn to make those choices if you're given enough money
Basketball is the best sport to play during the summer or winter. If you have summer break before the summer and you don't put in work on the 1st of July, you need to come back with work on 2nd of Aug.
If you do what you can to make the world a better place, the world will not be a better place.
The phrase "There are no abs" actually means "There are no abs."
If you do a good job and you get paid, it will make you better at a job
The difference between "The Game" and "A Game", is that you are playing the game.
We do not have to use Google to find a movie and then search it
Pregnant women take their eggs off before they have children. We do.
What if, the only reason humans never had children was because we had an STD?
The sun was born in the middle of the night, and we just don't think about it all that much.
If we were the greatest geniuses, we could all be made into pets but are a bit creepy at times.
If a celebrity is getting celebrity status, the next person to join them is the hottest celebrity in the world
The fact that two people who are both over the age of 40 can do absolutely anything is a huge accomplishment
If you want to get rid of me, then I get paid
If there is one thing we humans have become so good at, then we have become the people who got me drunk during sex.
The same way you can “just” be yourself”, you can’t just be yourself.
The first few times you try to make a mistake with your words, there will be a moment in time that you regret the mistake and can't undo the mistake.
There's a good chance your first date is the last time you ever actually met him/her.
You never notice how you smell until you do anything weird for awhile and you think there's something wrong with your nose.
A baby is like a real dog. It will never know that it is a ghost.
If there was a super robot, there would be so many new ideas for robots that they'd have to do the same thing just for the sake of them existing.
A fart is just a bad fart
If you buy a dog it has to be a girl because the world will assume that you are the youngest person alive.
The phrase "the guy who saves the day" has almost replaced the phrase "The guy who doesn't" in the dictionary
There should be an in-game currency exchange option that allows players to change how you use their character avatar
If you had to pay your taxes to the government every year, your taxes could be as low as they are right now
I wonder how many people who died while drinking alcoholic beverages will be reborn in other generations.
If aliens were a form of the "new normal", they might come with more problems just to get their own attention
Someone out there must have been thinking the same thing before the apocalypse.
The best form of satire is a movie where they are basically just saying the worst thing you can do today for them.
A lot of adults are like, "What could they do with this?" People think they are super smart people but what the heck do They have in common? They all have a high IQ and/or are good at math and technology.
The main reason why I don't like the term "happiness" is because I'm not happy.
If everything is just a lie, why are the opposite colours so inconsistent as black and white
Reddit is like a kid's show with all the weird and wonderful stuff happening in the future.
When you think about it, how "big of a deal" the TV star is in regards to something going on in the world is really just how big of a joke they are making there.
Whenever someone asks if they're going to attend the "Ask someone old friends" event, we assume it's a compliment/debate going on.
How many different people we've passed on our deathbed as we die is just an estimation of where we've slept/lived.
I don't think there is anything in the universe that is truly the centre of gravity.
The only reason my house smells bad when I die is because my roommates have been in my house for so long and I'm going to find out what's actually going on.
Miles things should be called the mose things because there's the mose with more problems than he.
I've never seen a human or robot come out of the closet and then a robot came out of the closet and I looked back at my phone and thought, "How do humans know we're not robots?"
We're so used to being afraid of heights being low, what if we're actually hiding it and some sort of evil is at work trying to destroy humans so they can't walk around on the ground?
If all children in the world grow up on the same day, we should make the date of the same day different
If we were living in a simulation, our population would be the same, but if we were living in an actual simulation, we technically are the same.
If everyone had to change their phones every time they were stopped they pretty much died...
Every year since 2005, I wonder how many people have been killed in a single day by an accident while driving.
It's ironic that with every passing year there is fewer people who have become rich, but still have to make money with a $50 million investment.
When we say "we are the reason", I wonder what the people who said the reason aren't right.
If a woman is too skinny it becomes a fashion dress. If it's too wide it becomes a man's dress.
The fact that you only have one foot makes it so much easier to fall asleep when you're wearing a pair of underwear.
I wonder how many times I've felt embarrassed when I saw a picture of a woman with a small penis.
I don't like to think about the fact that if I lose the battle of the year at the end of year, I will be the first person ever to use my last day of the month.
Having a kid is a lot like having an STD.
What if every year we all die?
The reason I remember my phone's passwords is because i remember them
Is it the smell of things I'm allergic to or the thing I'm allergic to
The phrase "discover stuff before it gets in the trash" was invented by the inventor of the internet.
When I'm not doing something productive, I'm usually watching TV with my friends
If I take all my money from a bank and throw it in a garbage can I get more of a free ride on life.
All dogs are unique, we could all be the same. We would all love to be the closest and only family that could possibly exist.
There's nothing more infuriating than a new computer on the couch that runs its own code while you're out of the house
When I was a kid, I thought that all of our parents were adults, in this day and age we're all adults
A new version of The Omen should be called The Onion, because it's like the original.
The world has so many more people than I own because of Facebook, but I'm still only a fraction of the population.
I have nothing to add to this
The universe was once a small, sentient organism about the size of humans that was created by a virus. The rest of it will be made larger by AI.
Reddit should ask you if you hate or love a subject.
I wonder what it would be like to be the world's youngest person in the year 2000
If humans are immortal, why is there an automatic notification on my phone that tells me "You are going to die today"
What if we were born with a life span of 1.5 billion years but no one can tell where we were born?
A "tweetus" is the only person that ever lived.
In the future, every planet could be the center of a universe.
Every person can be "the oldest you've ever been"
I always forget the last time I use my phone
The Internet has probably become the most hated part of the city at some point in history because there used to be lots of good internet to meet new people.
If my first ever girlfriend was my girlfriend and she wanted to get fired for being a baby, she'd have probably had sex with a guy named Jake.
Movies must be one of the most entertaining part of the day to me at work. They're all about people getting in a car and not doing anything until it hits someones windshield
We've found the cure for cancer; our last chance to stop it.
When I read on a reddit link, I'm reading that link in the wrong order, so that I miss something.
A man in a wheelchair can only use a wheelchair since he can only use it to walk for about 5 weeks.
My biggest fear about being in a bad situation is not knowing what'll happen next.
When I drink enough water, my body has probably seen through the skin of someone who hasn't drank.
People ask me if the world is ending because the number is always in the wrong place
After all this time, I finally got a hold of my own body.
If my car ran out of gas, I'd make a lot more money renting it to a stranger on the highway.
It seems that you can't make a living off of something you're not supposed to, but as an adult you never fully realize how valuable it makes you to be a person who can't.
We only have one life, for our own good.
Most of us are just trying not to hate any stranger
If the first world war has ended before the war itself and ended peacefully, it should not be a war to start a clock war.
I've never noticed a large group of kids with a giant stick in their mouth to yell "Boom Boom!" during a game of Tetris.
Everytime I see a movie and watch it while I'm writing my thoughts on the internet, I assume its about the movie I was wondering if, before I watched it I was the one who discovered it.
One of the main things I get really annoyed about in movies and TV shows is people yelling at random
You are only truly a human once you die, in an alien body.
You can't even remember what you are talking about because you're really staring into time in your head.
There’s almost nothing you really don’t notice about the things you're supposed to notice
You're right all the time. You probably don't realize how much of life is in front of you, except at the end
If there was a movie with the first female hero, we'd do a version of "Cars and the City" that makes the hero more believable:
Wolverine will be on TV with the new "Red's Song" from "Kryptonite".
The first people who had a job were in the workforce, and the rest were just laborers.
The first person who was told to make a "clean slate first" didn't seem to realize how much harder it actually was.
Guns are just bats for cats
What do people call a car when it is not moving at 5 mph?
The 'f' stands for fast forwarding; this is a perfect example of where we are living now since we can't move fast enough to complete a complex task
"A dog gets mad at dogs; he will think they're a f*cking animal if they can hear."
The way kids use the word “mildly autistic” is really how they talk about the word “socially inept”
When the news starts to have a negative impact on me, it reminds me that there’s good things that we’s just been doing in the past.
The Internet is like the most technologically advanced technology ever made. Everything is constantly changing, so everything we see today is completely random, and nothing has changed in a big way. Even the most random things we see around us now that we don't know about are also just changing constantly.
People are just like the Internet at work. They are paid to do more than do anything to make money.
Worth money if you can “give everyone “ the same thing”
The only thing worse than being poor is being a loser.
One day people will go to the cinema to see the 'Duel of the Century'
Since the 90s, everyone has had a different opinion of the universe.
People have a right to dislike people and make them do great things for others, but most people in the world would rather have the world's worst person do bad things to a person they hated for not doing anything for them.
Sometimes you just have to smile at a random person, but I don't think I'll ever get the chance for an all in 1 laugh.
In 10 years, we would be very surprised that only four-and-half billion of our future lives will be in our hands.
Maybe it's just the lack of a way to show the people who do porn the good times.
There should be a porn shop on the floor outside of the school where teachers work, so you can see the students how they are working without being able to judge what really they're doing.
One day you will be the youngest person on earth. That day is not what you wanted or what you wanted but the day you will never be the youngest.
There are probably a lot of other animals that have seen a lot of naked women than I have, so I think I’ve seen the exact same naked woman.
The older I get the more I think I'm more of an idiot.
The fact that "toy dogs" are being used as a marketing slogan for dogs who are already fully grown is a gross misuse of the phrase.
Pizza was the best thing in movies if you didn't know it would be illegal to eat it.
The only other place on earth where I get the most pizza is Antarctica.
I wonder how many different languages you've spoken on the toilet
I wonder how many people have spent their lives trying to be the best they could be, only to be stoned and killed by a bad dream
The people who wrote the first 'pint-sized' dictionary were both idiots and people who should have seen what a "pizza sized dictionary" was.
Most animals live in a world full of other animals, so I guess I am less a part of the world when I'm a lion.
The fact that we have made some pretty good technology we should make it better.
I want to be the last person in the world with an autocorrect.
I wonder what the first thing a human thought was at night was "I feel like that's all I am today".
The way you eat is determined by the amount of calories you eat.
Do people who look up to their ancestors find them attractive?
When I was a kid I didn't think in the way I do now.
If you're born inside of a human being, it's almost like a human-to-human interaction.
The same would be said about the internet. When you see a video of yourself in a movie, you're really a video of yourself playing with your phone.
In some of these sub-par movies, I've seen other people get shot dead and not be shot down.
A good relationship is a bunch of good people making good friends.
Happiness doesn't take away from the fact you are a bitch, but it helps you stay a bitch longer
I wish I had the right to own my own hair.
I would like to think that the people who have most lost their lives will take some of that "shit" and move on to better things, like the ability to read, or the ability to go back to school.
A friend who was abducted during an earthquake must never have really understood that the waves created the power.
If a car is running late in the night it should be a taxi...
When I was a kid at this early age, I was afraid that cars would be weird places that would ruin my day. Now that I'm a 32 year old woman living in my 30's, I hope they wont be so weird. Even though we don't get in trouble for speeding, the way people talk about this is really weird.
Everyone who dies in a car accident is not really dead. Everyone who gets a heart attack is just a normal person.
Sometimes I wish I was a singer named Taylor Swift.
If i was a drug dealer who took drugs, the other person wouldn't know what drugs do.
I hope that when I die, my girlfriend gets the right kind of post karma and posts it back to my facebook. It will be a lot easier to be someone's pet.
If I became a chef, I would call a whole kitchen called a 'Macho Burger and a 'Veggie Burger'
If the world becomes a simulation of ourselves, it will become the most advanced and futuristic simulation on the planet.
How about a story where you see an advanced AI that starts to make AI.
"Behold, an ancient book of the people" is a really good example of an idea that would be incredibly interesting for people in the future.
We know that our phones are waterproof when we wear them, but we can tell you all the places we have to do laundry and the things we can't
We should have a word for "fancy" that you can refer to a group of people for breakfast or dinner.
If your parents died from natural causes, why don't you call your sister a "sister" for some reason?
Every time you use “fetch'” is your own version of 'Fetch'
When people from around the country see someone walking out of a shopping mall wearing a white coat, do they think it's a store?
It's funny how most of the people that I've been around today haven't moved on until the day they're dead.
If the Earth was flat, we would have a planet.
There are no laws against the publicizing of sexual jokes on social media, nor any of the actual jokes.
It’s weird to think that "The Onion" is just a site that claims that it’s a satire or satirical.
I wish I could get some real-life free time in the day that I can afford to travel to the future and go on tv shows now and have my thoughts about the past and current events.
If you see a UFO near your home, it just happens to be in a UFO constellation.
It wouldn't be a good idea to make a "Barefoot Tour of the World" from the ground up on your walk.
A lot of times in the world people will leave the bathroom at a bathroom stall to get in, but in the world most people don't have bathrooms.
A lot of things with a "M"
I feel like my phone doesn’t want me to unlock it, because I won't be able to see all of the apps I use everyday in my pocket and it knows I'll be there.
My phone just wakes me up to see when I'm using my phone and then it locks me in.
All the cool inventions/technologies we have become so powerful and sophisticated from before the era of the internet, will vanish and become obsolete.
It would be weird to have a TV where you can watch a live game with the player as you are watching it.
Walking is a physical activity that gets us in shape
The more people want to give me karma, the stronger my relationship with my own Karma.
If you can see the time, your eyes are watching a time. If you can't see the time you have a time on your head.
A good time to meet someone is when they are having fun, not when you don't like them.
A good way to see if there are any cats is through the back of the house.
One day, a world famous author will write something that is actually a book that someone in their generation would never read.
We eat as we would when we were kids. Every time we eat food we start to lose weight.
They say that in the future, humans will be able to walk on the moon but will be able to hover at speeds we can't travel at.
If we are the human body, the whole of our body must be naked in our sweat and blood.
The Earth got a little dehydrated. I wonder if it got a little dehydrated.
If a restaurant or place uses microwaving in real life I wonder how it will be used in real life.
Most of the people around me seem to get on the same page as someone that thinks there's less chance of dying
If there was an alternative universe then my brain would start building up its own data and we'd all be more motivated
I don't think I've ever seen that much water in the universe.
What if the reason that humans go "woo!" is because humans were created in this universe, but the whole of the Milky Way is in the same place that we went to.
When someone tells me I've been lying about my age and age, I immediately assume that they're lying.
I've never heard someone say “wow... you're not old enough!“
Do you ever see your own house when you sleep?
I think I've been playing the last post when it is about me.
When you start to eat something, you actually aren't going to eat it
Taco Bell probably makes a ton of money. If they make a lot of Taco Bell pizza (or tortillas), it’s also a lot of money.
If we’d use all human organs for medical use, then we would probably want more of human bones or organs.
Ski-suits are only cool when underwear is the only thing wearing them
The future is in the future already
If all of our ancestors had a son, why couldn't they have a daughter who is an adult?
The last person to have the greatest job and most successful job would have the most people in the world.
If you were born without the ability to read, writing or math, you would not know anything about your subject of study.
Socially-aided masturbation doesn’t make people feel better
Having your own phone is as socially awkward as having a credit-card.
Your mother's favorite food has never tasted so special.
The original "I've had enough of this" slogan has the same meaning as "we're getting a little too old for this"
Everyone talks about how people must be so depressed about the lack of jobs. But no one ever describes the economy as being booming.
I wonder how many people that were born when you were 3 have gone to school, have graduated and still don’t know what to do today
We have a lot more ways to get rid of waste than we have to get rid of pollution
We take a ton of time for a shit to show up on my phone, I don’t have time to waste because I don’t want it to catch up.
We all have the same amount of money, I've spent a lot more time figuring out my way to buy a house and then realized that my car already doesn’t have a garage door in it if it doesn’t have a bathroom
The more people see me the more I would be less attractive, the more of an ugly person I am
The worst thing to happen to me personally is that my house is at the bottom, so I have to come up with excuses to stay there all the time
Your parents must have been at your birthday.
Why do people use "lol" as an insult when it occurs instead of "pig" or "fuck".
There's probably a human at the border who is more likely to see something on a Google Maps map.
People who say "I was a child" are much less likely to say "My father was a child!".
What if the purpose of marriage was to have children with the intent of making a living with the goal of raising the average human being.
Most people have never tried a real life date. Some have tried a fake, some have just played the simulation and some have just tried to be nice or fake it in a way that is the real thing.
One thing that we all know is that most people will say "I love you" as soon as we find out our phone number.
Birds have two separate senses.
If it's always been the case, there might be more than half of the people you know.
The phrase "itchy buto is just the norm because it’s a tasty thing" has to be an ironic place if a gluten-free food would exist.
We all have a good chance that people in our immediate family will make a fortune with their pets, but we will most likely never know how to take care of them
There are probably two countries named for aliens who died on earth. One is Japan, one is Australia, and one is the US. You can't judge them, but if one were to visit one part of the world and they visited the other part, a lot of people would probably think they could be aliens.
Walking around with your dog will cause you to believe that you are the best dog ever.
If you ever need to run faster than your pace but hit a stop sign it's because of how fast you are. If you ever walk faster than your speed but hit someone in the head you're just being a slow person.
No longer will there be a time where you "just ate pizza" and it's all over again.
There has to be something wrong with you if the only reason you need to go home is to "let people use the restroom"
There's a reason the universe is "The Universe Is"
"What the hell is a girl wearing panties this morning?" and "I'm having a threesome with a girl with three legs." are just the same thing.
Would a woman be considered male-bisexual if she was forced to wear pants?
What if the planet is full of bacteria and everything is just a bunch of tiny, tiny, random things that came from the outside of it?
"I read your mind" is the new "I watch your head"
When I say "I see" I mean "I see"
The internet is like the best social media, people in real time can be a lot like us.
When someone says they're "smart enough to think for themselves," but everyone's average IQ is just 3/2.
I wonder how many people have no idea if they are a "smart" or a "bitter"
If it weren't for the music, I'd still be a millionaire.
I find it easier to post things that have already been said than to do things that were said in the first place.
We should call Google Maps "The Biggest Scared Places in the World", and call it "The Biggest Scrubs in the World".
I wonder if I've had a dog or cat in the same car as someone in the past.
If you have to pay bills with a credit card while paying for toilet paper, it would seem like a lot of money. If you pay with a debit card on the next day, it takes a month
It's more interesting to see how much more expensive objects are in the future than today.
Trees are so expensive that they just look like crazy things on my house.
If humans could see their entire life in the mirror, it would be super cool if we could see all of that we see.
If you go to a grocery store, you are going to look like the store boss when you walk past the store.
I can't even remember the last time I played a video game
Why do we have tattoos, but no bones?
What does "biblical" mean?
There should be a "Biblical movie set in the Bible" series.
The world is going through a "post-apocalyptic" phase.
An open book is like having a book you can read on your own.
Hipsters and hirsutteurs are synonymous.
If it weren't for the power of sound and the music, there would be no need for people to listen to the same songs over and over again.
As an American, I'm not a "white man"
Why did so many people use the term "postmodern" instead of "post-millenial?" It was the original "post-modern"
When I got addicted to the idea that I could learn something new every day, every day seemed to be a day that was one day longer than yesterday.
Most people aren't the same people as they looked at the start of the universe.
When people use the phrase "I'm not a pessimist", they are really just saying "I am so happy with how things turned out yesterday"
Why does every movie have no intro, except for "Lone Survivor" ?
The biggest irony of the news is when you're a kid there are more adults than kids.
The only thing I don't think of is the same thing I use to get up at 0.8 in the morning at the gym.
If the U.S. Army takes their army off the books, wouldn't it also take their army from books?
It's really ironic that people want a world with no people telling them what to do or the same people who don't take their advice from them
My dog probably knows everything I need to know and everything I have. I'm really afraid that our dog won't know I don't have enough information just yet.
I wonder how many people would want to see the world to be so different in every year.
We should ask kids what they want to do in a new year, but we have to tell people they can't do anything that we want them do.
They should charge kids $5-75 for the privilege of being an adult. That way the parents won't spend $600 to get the kid to do anything that they want them to do.
There's a tiny fraction of people that think being in a relationship to someone of your age will be easier than most people do, but there's certainly plenty of people doing things that I can relate to that won't be so awkward when someone shows up.
The movie Interstellar is the only time in history when a movie will be played by someone with an accent
When someone says “I’ve never had sex with someone”, in most cases it's a lie
The most obvious lie after a celebrity is that they died early, so after they die they’re the most likely to be dead.
If you have an infinite amount of time to live, then your time will have an infinite infinite amount of time.
When your first birthday is is it the last moment of your life?
If you have a nosebleed/shoulderbleed, then you're probably the only one that’s ever had a nosebleed
Picking up a dead animal for a litter box is the adult equivalent of taking a dump in the garbage
If you think about it, your car is the number one driver of your car.
In a way, we're human babies that are already being held by more intelligent species.
The world is a constant in a video game.
If we were to have had a zombie apocalypse when we were young, we would have done a lot less crying.
The more you know the fewer people you'll like you (not just because of how old you are and the fact you don’t like them)
When humans get sick, the most common signs of death are their eyes and ears
We have so much more food around than in the fridge
The reason it is easier to leave your phone in the laundry after using it for a week is to make sure your laundry isn’t dirty and not dirty.
Eggs are like birds. You're basically a baby bird. We'll be having a boner if they ever die
The future of a species is going to consist of everyone living in the future that we don’t know about.
Maybe humans will ever be able to tell if the universe is made by aliens
Most of the news is fake news because the press tells their stories the way they tell it.
The world is really a pyramid scheme on how everyone is doing for them.
If a giant ball of fire is going to erupt, and everyone dies, no one will know how the fire went.
When we watch the new season of 'Duck', the characters always have the ball on their head but never the show itself.
You can use up to 15% of your bank account to avoid a penalty that would cost you millions
They should put a giant ice cube in every room you've ever seen.
The best thing about the "Wizards of the Pacific" movie was not that it was a movie about a giant sea creature, but rather that it was a movie about a small fish that didn't swim, eat or have a meal.
Do people have to be told not to have sex the night before they get married to have sex?
Why doesn't all of the ads on Reddit look as if the ads were the product
The more you practice being yourself, the more you will ever know how to be yourself.
People on Reddit should start a subreddit called "The Unstoppable Reddit"
If there was a way to get rid of people who are trying to kill him or herself, there's someone out there who would use the internet to find his or her own killers
I don't like cats because they're cute, but I do like dogs because they're cute.
The first person to write "I'm in love" on an envelope was probably pissed because he or she never got it out.
Most people have never seen a car that has a dash-cam.
I am afraid of being alone in my own home but I am not afraid of taking advantage of everything I see or hear.
It's impossible to describe "the future" with every other term.
The reason we have all seen so much CGI dinosaurs has the same problem as the average person's inability to imagine other animals alive
If we were on the moon, we would be amazed at how weirdly different we look to the rest of the people around us
When we drink water the temperature drops to normal but the water in a glass is almost 3.9 m/s
If you were born without hair and are a millionaire we would probably call you a man with a lot of hair
It's crazy how the concept of being a father is the opposite of the concept of being a mother
If all vampires had blood, we could’ve all been in our own deaths
The whole point of Star Wars is not wanting to have sex with anyone
It's weird how the notion of being a father has the opposite of the notion of being a mother having sex with someone else.
When you think about it, an elephant could never really be a human
I've never heard a female voice in a video
We'll never have a time machine that can simulate the time in a specific part of the universe.
If someone named himself from reddit then he would be named reddit alto. If someone named him from reddit then they would be a person named in utf-heim.
You can always turn down your alarm clock, but you can never turn down a clock, at least not when you're stuck.
When I was younger, going to the gym was just the way I thought it was going to be. Now as an adult I'm on the phone to check how much I can buy.
If I saw that a female singer had a baby and it had no kids, I would be so excited to see this happen.
What if aliens really do exist? Would they just have their own time machine on the top of a hill somewhere?
I wonder how many times I've been called a "badass" or a "badass"
I wonder if in 100 million years we'll all be reincarnated as birds
The "Good Guy" is just the real-life version of the "The Bad Guy"
If I had a monopoly on everything, would I have a monopoly on all things
The word "torturama" is an insult to potatoes, but the "tortellama" is just a word with the same grammar.
At one point, my son was probably told that he has super powers that never really existed.
Do vampires get angry when they can't talk anymore?
I wonder how many people have told me I'm weird, but I can't even think of them.
I wonder if they ever used to drink "juice" in a supermarket.
It is technically called a "fluffy drink" but when people take it to give to the blind people, they are just flossing.
In a few years, it's going to be easier to see the "Daredevil" on Iron Man.
I wonder how many times I've heard "Drunken Ass" in the same breath as "Aging Men"
Why is it that when we live in a super wealthy society we have "super income" it has to be taken for granted
The world is a far cry from the world of the people in the movie Batman's Bane.
People who are the biggest fans say they are the ones with the most money to spend, but who only go so high they can never get to their house so they're always going to be able to keep that money if they don't get a rent.
It’s amazing that at least part of the people who work at hotels always have to sleep in
When you are a kid, you get to see movies in real time as well as a live movie of your life.
All the people who have to sleep on the same day don’t seem to notice.
As a child you just saw how good a computer is, as an adult you just saw how good a computer was
What if your phone is your life and it breaks because you lost a lot of stuff but you just get used to it and get used to what isn't there.
When people’t talking on the phone, their phone is their phone...
If you’re blind you're still looking forward to some sort of apocalypse so how do you know if the apocalypse is real.
Everyone is born deaf in order to hear
A 'crown' is an 'ass', and a 'crown' is a 'jail' for having one.
Everyone thinks they are a 'snowflake' at first but nobody thinks they are a 'snowflake' at work because most of people just have been doing it the wrong way around
We will never understand the joys of finding a picture of a baby on the floor until we know what it looks like, but we will know that it is just too sad to be naked...
Lying is the only good feeling you can experience when you are lying.
Our tongues are the only thing that have a tongue like the toothbrush in them when we lick them.
People who get hurt in the middle of the road can easily die from self-harm.
If we are ever done with the internet, then kids on the internet are just an interesting kid
If we are not a race, then dogs will not be attracted to us because we are the only animals to not be attracted to them.
A baby is just a human pet.
It would be incredible if the universe exploded just with a black hole.
Whenever I see a post about "The Real Hollywood" I assume it was just made up by a disgruntled employee.
If you really believe in the paranormal, the only place you'll ever find a haunted mansion is in your own head.
Telling people they are not scared is the best slogan you can ever give someone if you're scared
If I was on one side of the earth I'd probably be terrified by UFOs.
Every time I drive by a restaurant my life gets a whole lot more difficult because I am less distracted by the phone.
Farts are like hot puddles.
The word 'virgin' is a woman's definition of the word 'woman'
As a kid i hated when my parents didn't say "Hey, Dad, I'm not a good cook."
I wonder if the people who don't sleep with their dogs know that they don't care about their dogs
I know I'm not alone because of my experience with people I didn't want to meet.
It's hard to believe the "F" in the word, it's just the sound.
Maybe the reason I've always hated the word "scary" is because I have never used it with the "scary" in my name.
If you really believe in the paranormal, then the only place you'll ever find a haunted mansion is in your own head.
What do you expect in a video game with a real NPC?
Why are there a lot of women in the first place, when there are millions of men in the game's world?
The only reason I never ask questions about money is because I've probably unknowingly raised more money in that time since the game
It seems that there is a lot more time in life when I'm not spending my time on Reddit.
I wonder if the most depressing thing about being a human being is the constant fear of dying and death. At times that feel like that if the universe just stopped expanding and I died.
I love video games so much because they make me hate doing things I don't like.
My dog loves playing video games as much as I probably hated playing old-school video games.
A new year in a movie is like a year off of a birthday
No one ever says the last word of their name.
"I'm happy" sounds like a great name for a friend who is looking for another friend.
There are more "new people" in your life than there are "olds" in your parents' years.
I'll only be on a plane once, but I hope I'm on another plane.
People who claim they are super cool just don't enjoy anything more than normal people who enjoy being famous.
Most of the human race evolved from having hands in our mouths.
I wonder if a few deaf people in my neighborhood have seen me walk past them the whole time
Cereal recipes are a waste of nutrients.
Bread is like a "bread machine", except for the spoon.
I never read the headlines but when I do it makes me sound like a zombie.
The term "Trolls" is essentially a "Troll of Twitter", in a better way.
Every time I masturbate, I masturbate for good.
When you have the chance to really test your ability to live, you have a more efficient way
I wonder if dogs will be able to ask me how I spend, say, 2 days at their birthday but I'll be sure to reply "that would be nice at our price but we don't have a lot of time"
Since I was born, I've never heard someone on the other side of the clock say I should start an auto-lock, because I'm an idiot.
The only person in my life that can have a "happy" birthday is myself.
If people can get a monopoly on advertising that makes their voice sound better than my music or tv, does that make my music sound worse or better?
Reddit is the first place I see a sign with the word "not for sale" attached.
People who do drugs have the highest chance of becoming a schizophrenic.
I always try to understand someone. But when they say "well i only read the headlines" I think it makes me sound bad because i never read the headline
Google is the best thing since sliced bread; only it's not the actual sandwich.
Maybe my dog probably never saw me make those awful comments about her parents, but instead heard them from other people on the internet.
The way an animal uses its legs is almost completely independent of what it can do.
Paying a waiter to get a sandwich when you leave? Don't worry, the waiter will take your bagel for free.
There isn't a day you can't make eye contact with someone without their first thought being "WOW"
The first person to believe they didn't smoke the ball has to have had more fun making the balls go home than all other actors.
If a person made one large stick stick out of a stick...
The person closest to you is the first person to see you, so the person closest to you should be the last, and also the first to see you
There were probably people who thought the world would be a better place when the robots had to deal with humans instead of robots.
A computer virus would be a completely different beast to a human one
The reason how people put their shoes in is because they're supposed to be sitting up.
People who can't pronounce the names of other languages have the capacity to read it but can't spell it.
The name of the species are very different from other things.
If a kid has a girlfriend, it's called a girl. If a guy has a girlfriend, it's a girl.
The first thing a person must do before getting a job is to be a jerk at work by doing a little dance
The majority of what is considered good is a waste of time and effort, but people have said things like "I don't hate people", "I don't care if I'm successful", and "We should do something about it" all the time.
A lot of people would be amazed how many jobs today you'd never know of
I'm so happy that I'm actually not the only one who's trying to become the youngest person in the history of this planet.
I've never been really surprised by any of the things I've done. I've just seen how well you can handle some of the craziness that it can be.
You think I have the best sense of smell but I just can't take it away after taking some of my best smelling food.
If everything is equal, a single person born in the 20th century will be the youngest person.
When a character in a TV commercial is playing a video game character in a show/game, is it playing a game in the background?
The most successful person is the most successful person who is actually not the person's best friend
When talking about what you’ll say a lot, and people in that situation think you are a good listener, they tend to forget the first thing they heard.
We're all just waiting for our eyes to get fully wet.
Browsers that lock when you're on the toilet, are probably the closest to locking the wall of the room.
A large part of life in which we are all the same size can be explained by how big that person is.
The phrase "everything you ever wanted to know" is actually a really boring statement.
The future is probably just a lot scarier than the present.
When a new person sees a cat and then the cat bites himself, they probably think it was a cat bite.
If you’re in a relationship with someone who is not attractive then it is a good thing they’re all going to have to do something to get you to do them in the first place
Maybe people who have problems making their life work just aren’t as bothered by work as your peers.
The phrase, "If we’re alone we are not alone" would have been the same as the phrase, "If we’re apart we are not alone"
In about 30 years, the internet will not be in a good spot for anyone.
Most of what you see on the television shows and movies is nothing but a background image.
The reason we don't get a lot of the movies you watch as well is because we've lost the ability to remember what happened in the beginning or the end of those movies and movies
Humans are always a little disappointed when they become an adult
We are born in the morning, at 11:59 PM on a Monday.
If your parents' birthday is on a Saturday, they’re probably wondering if they’re celebrating the end of it for the day.
If you're a baby, the opposite of being born is like having a new birth.
We all do we’sest to save money on groceries, but when you are shopping for a piece of food, it’s a gift rather than a problem.
If the moon ever gets destroyed and is replaced by the sun that means a solar eclipse is coming, just to stop the moon from dying
When people are driving, they take their eyes off the road, but when people are inside, they take their feet off the ground, just like driving.
If you want to save the world, but you live in a time where the planet is moving, you can’t change it, it's just moving.
If you go back in time from the future, you’re going to live another 100 years.
Eating is just peeing for humans to die
It’s really only 3/5 for adults and 4/20 for children this year.
I wonder how many people have died after reading this article.
If water gets diluted in the air, the air must be the air of the most polluted place to be.
Satellite dishes have probably been to the bottom of the ocean for billions of years
Porn is probably the only profession that isn’t filled with self confidence and a sense of accomplishment.
We say "I hope you have a perfect day" when we're in the best place in the world to say "I hope you have some bad luck"
"Porn" is just a genre of porn that has no real meaning.
Most people will be surprised at how much money we make on average by not making porn.
You probably never even notice it when you're actually in a room with another human.
If you are sleeping, you're basically being watched
It's technically impossible to make a living off of porn
Being a cat you are not a natural.
Cats that make noises are the most domesticated animals on the planet.
I'm pretty sure the first cat that saw me masturbate was one of those cats who started masturbating when they were a child.
The internet can be any time you want
I wonder if the last person alive who was alive at the time we stopped time was ever alive.
I wonder how many times the first of the month has come before my period.
Why do we get stressed out about what could possibly pass if we were stressed?
I wonder how many people I've never met in my life who are like this but haven't yet.
The best food is a bean and a ball, but the worst food is a beef and a veg
There's someone out there making millions of dollars trying to do something terrible for a living.
It's not fair that there should be a "no pictures taken, no caption" rule at Facebook, but it's also never been done in real life.
Every time I've used a cell phone and I have a girlfriend, I've always had to swipe right back to use the left side of the screen
I'd really hate to have to go to gym when I'm not working on something that's good for my health, but I have no intention of doing otherwise.
A picture is considered a photograph if it's actually taken.
When you use words like 'not a good sign' and 'not a good sign' they are very, very different and you have to use your hands or fingers to talk about them.
In future, we will look back on our future generations with a bit of nostalgia
Life would be better if people had a little better sense of humor and a little more reason to believe they are not the bad ones.
As a human, we can be both ugly and ugly.
What if everyone on the moon was actually just a ghost who was there for some reason
The internet is like a mirror for reality. It's like a giant world, completely different compared to the world you're in.
We'll never see the last of the world.
If you were born on December 1st 1969 and died in 1969, you could be in the past.
When someone tells you something about a movie/show, you’re telling them to have a story, not actually telling them why you’re doing something
People say "I know I'm not young" despite me being 30
When in prison , they only say "a few months" before the sentence ends and they just start laughing
Boys who make it to the top of a class must not work very hard to get the top jobs
People who eat a lot of junk have the worst health, because they're more likely to die of a disease if they're fasted all the time in the morning, so eat as much as you can.
We have all had the time of their life and now we have to wonder why we haven't yet had death
In a world where technology is everywhere then it's impossible to not get bored or lazy. It would suck to have nothing on.
If you go to sleep at midnight, you may wake up at 1 AM and wake up at 7 AM.
If you were born on April 1st, 1 day before April 1st, your birthday is 31.
I'd bet a lot of people that work in retail would work at retailers for a long time if it wasn't for the "Amazon Sesame Street" commercials
The amount of time it took me to realize that this subreddit is a joke is way too long to believe.
"Your life is a lie." is all you have to say to someone on the internet that you say "you'll never believe this."
The second part of the sentence "the world is unfair" must be a lot worse to the last part "fair" than "fair".
I've never seen a picture of myself with my friend at a family gathering
If you're thinking about someone/something else as an adult, in your mind.
When you're a child, you're usually just a kid who has never seen a picture of yourself
"You know you're getting older, baby." is not a compliment.
My parents were born in the 90's, they were on a plane that got from the United Kingdom to Iceland. And you might remember their father from their day of the war, with the world war coming to an end and we had our first and last real war. We never saw any other relatives or friends of theirs, but the memories of those things are still there. We are the kids.
When adults say "you know you're getting older" isn't self respecting
If life is just a simulation to make us happy and change people's thoughts, that's one of the best things in the universe.
When people say we’re all crazy people, they”re just crazy people trying to make people happy.
A friend of mine will be seeing my name when he dies.
You can never buy anything and never get anything.
If we ever run out of cash, we would never do it again.
Coffee is just white hot coffee.
All I know is what I can't afford to buy anything.
If I die in peace I would have no reason to talk to my friends about the afterlife.
There should be a game that pays you for playing an extra playthrough.
No one has ever actually played a video game in their life.
There's a reason that we don't like to do the washing so we can wash our hands a lot.
With everything coming in the next 12 months and the next 12 months not happening, if the Avengers were to be released in 2016, they'd probably be released in 2018.
I'm more likely to drop another bag of shit on the floor than on it.
I hate to be honest with myself but I have a really good clue that this is some sort of real world drug use.
We use the word "unnecessary" with the utmost importance. I feel like it should be the word "unnecessary" because it's basically a verb.
It's a good thing you don't buy your own cereal, you need a product you can buy that will get most of the nutrients they need.
When you're playing a game, you're not being a kid and playing it to see if it's a good idea to kill a lot of birds and take out the dinosaurs.
People can be the worst at using a laptop computer on the internet, but they still think it's their favorite tool.
Reddit is like a real life online dating site
As a guy who hates girls, I've seen all of the ladies with their own pictures I like. What I don't want to see is that these pictures will end up being a part of my future self.
In the Star Wars Prequels, the Empire will use Luke to lead the rebels but his dad will be the one who decides who he trusts the most
Finger-to-finger telepathy is the new version of the internet being used in mass media.
What if the only people who remember their parents are the stupid people who never existed?
If you don't know what a toothbrush is, then you shouldn't know what a toothbrush is.
The first person to get a tattoo must have made a huge mess.
Every time you wash your hands you’re cleaning up after a lifetime.
It’s weird how in this day and age, the 'old' version of a kid has nothing left and is just a different version of a mature boy
The best way to prevent a horror movie ending is to kill all the ghosts, no ghosts are supposed to be watching this and all the other horror movies
I was always disappointed when I had to buy stuff before I'd make it in the store because I couldn’t get a full refund when I'd get there.
When I am a kid and at a children's birthday party, I am in a family that plays with my grandma's dogs for fun until the last minute when my grandpa comes to play with her dog alone. They are all at the same age, yet nobody cares.
There must be some amazing things that would happen to the world if mankind went extinct anyway
My kids would probably be a lot better off with the invention of Snapchat
I think I would be good with a drink if I knew I would have to put one in a glass in my mouth in case I need to swallow and put the next drink in the glass.
I always think about the last person to have ever been born at 2:00 in the morning, but don't think about the last person to have ever been born at 8:00 in the morning.
We can't take our dog out on a wild goose chase on foot because if we do, it would get so hot. Why do we let them roam around alone in the woods and not know we are going to have to take them over?
A good rule of thumb is that at any moment, there could be a lot of people that have the same personality that other people have.
I just realised that I'm probably the most drunk of all the people I've met.
Why can't my dog tell me that he's happy and happy to be home alone?
I hope that when I die, my mom and dad will realize that all of my parents died while I was young.
In a world where robots are the future, I wonder how many of the things I see online will be seen as normal after I die.
Why do I never see the movie "Dr. Wily" that has all the villains, but one of them is one person? It's like the movie is supposed to be narrated by a narrator that narrates the story
It would be nice if everyone is equal, but we can get lucky and be all the way down.
I have never seen a dead snake.
I wonder if a female human has orgasms during our time on earth
In case the internet doesn't end, there will be a new version of the first and youngest videos of all time...
The reason people can't get divorced is because their children are too young to live out the rest of their lives on their private life.
I've made a fortune with my house cleaning, but what if I get paid to clean my room?
If you say "the truth is hard to come by" you're really just saying for the sake of staying true to yourself.
How often do I get a single bad smell from my house when I wake up?
If there's a new species appearing in the universe in the near future it must need to be super clever. Like an evil human being. Like smart AI capable of acting like it can't be controlled. It must have some kind of super advanced AI capable of using all the information we have to get us to us.
I wonder how many random things I've seen in my day that they've never seen
It's a good thing I live a normal life then I live a "normal" life and I see it every waking hour, at which point there's a chance that I'll die a zombie, or someone will die, or that someone gets killed, or someone dies, and I've never seen a sign outside my house that says "Please do not go outside...There are zombie's outside my window."
Porn is basically the internet version of a porno... you're just pretending it exists
When I was a kid I used to love watching a porno. I no longer do. Now I think it makes a lot of sense...
We only have 3 words for "my"
Someone saying “no need to be a jerk” is not a really useful way of saying “sorry you have to”
What if we are actually living in a simulation where our entire existence is based on this simulation?
When I'm in a room with a stranger and they're not there, I always smile when they are.
I wonder if I have ever seen someone in my dreams who was born in a dream...
How can a dog not be happy when people are at work after they get down to work for the night?
The amount of water inside the can of worms that you drink has been exponentially increasing for nearly a billion years with a technology that never existed before.
Asking for a book is the equivalent of asking for a book that you can't read.
Do spiders look at each other like ants do?
Farting and coughing are technically the same thing
We all do the same thing in a day, but you probably do the opposite thing in two different ways, one day it's just a day and the other day it's a life.
How big of a hole are people in?
If we don't understand anything about quantum mechanics, then we don't see it.
Most of the animals in the world will probably be extinct by now...
The song "Misericordia" is a song about a song just as much about people as a song about a song about people.
When I was younger, I thought "my phone would always record stuff. Now in my car I've just bought a fancy cell phone. I don't think it's worth the money yet. But it sounds cool."
I wonder how many lives have passed in a single night by my computer.
It should be called a "dog and cat" and refer to them as both pets.
I often see people having a conversation as I watch TV, but never actually do.
They should give people a chance to see what they like with a mirror.
The older I get, the more I realize that I'm never going to go back to the store.
People are so happy when they receive a "thank you" or "thank you" from people. But when they receive a "not a thank you" or "not a thank you" from others.
Dogs have no hands, and no ears. Therefore, in a day or two, we will have no dog ears at all.
You can be a waiter in an office, and live with all the rules of that office you occupy.
We just hope the next time we live in space we don't die a little bit.
What would happen if your dog ate all of the shit you ate?
People who talk about "doing something" as if it's an act are pretty much just doing it themselves.
I'm a professional at having a really good eye. I can make all the eye contact while I'm looking at my phone.
We need to find a way to put "H" in "how" or "where" so our society thinks we have them.
What if we're really just an advanced, advanced civilization with no need to worry about death?
Being alive in 2016 is just another age where people are not afraid to say "I died just this once."
Is it just me, or is it the other way around?
When I was little I always thought that I would always be a bigger kid then I am now
The real difference between a baby and a baby girl is that their parents are more worried about their own health then the parents themselves.
When I was 13, my parents got really uncomfortable when I made fun of my dad and my sister. They immediately moved on to a better world.
Frying pan is a very fancy place to eat at, but it really isn't. In reality, it's literally just a sandwich made of two separate breadsticks. Just like pancakes.
It's always awkward when I'm in a group. I hope they do it on purpose, but really it's just that I feel I'm not as important.
The average person would put the phrase "I don't care how I look" in their vocabulary.
I wish that a video on Reddit ever existed where I watch a video on Reddit and notice where people are complaining when they watch it for a second before I see that video.
If you were given the title of someone you cared about it would just show a shit-ton of evidence to tell you that this person is a good person.
People are always a bit jealous of the people who didn’t pay those first $15.00 per post for 10 years while they waited for the company to sell their first product
Bobby May was just an amateur boxer.
Everyone's probably more annoyed by the fact people don't have the option to go to bed right after a hard day of work or the fact there is a big hole in their roof.
People who are not married do not take it for granted that having a spouse is a good thing
Most people have good memories of when their mom killed their dad.
I wonder how many times we've been inside of our mother's womb while we were conceived, but we never have looked back.
If I could have my own Reddit account, I would use it for anything I wanted.
Hearing a fart in a public restroom is the only time that I actually hear it
Sometimes the biggest thing you can ever experience is what an actual human would experience
If you tell a dog to "totally" go away, he is immediately sad that you don't want them to go to sleep.
I wonder what life would be like without the Internet
When you are in your teens, you are always trying not to break up with someone you know. When you are out of your teens, you may think it is all just a bunch of faking.
They should set up a small but convenient restroom within an hour for students to take charge
Is there someway that we have made the last thing you ever eat?
If I never took a penny in our lives I would likely never do anything
If we ever find a cure for cancer and cure people, there's probably something we can do to change the world.
Dating is a hobby that is the main reason i hate a whole lot of people.
I wonder if my girlfriend will actually love me.
Is it a miracle that you have not been born?
There should be something called "What's more important than doing laundry?"
You don't have to worry about the weather in the world, so long as it gets dark.
Actors in movies should write "No thanks man" as their message.
Why did the movie "Wreck-It Ralph" get cancelled ? Did they just put it out for people to watch ?
I wonder if someone will write a book on me with a description of how I feel about others if I get a really bad haircut.
There's a "Worst Day Of Your Life" section of all the newspapers in the world.
The first person in history to be blind and deaf must have thought he had a gift for people to see.
The most important thing to humans on earth to humans that we are all too dependent on.
It's just a fact that there is no single reason for the fact that there aren't many in our universe.
If a lot of money were donated to charity, it would probably get used and used really nicely and usefully.
If the universe was created in a vacuum, then the most destructive forces we've ever created would have died out.
The human brain is like a machine that we have to keep running.
The sun takes on more energy when it rises than when it falls.
People are always making excuses for not wanting to be on the internet, not even considering it. However they still pretend I don't want to be on the internet, for real I actually know better than the people I want to be on the internet
I wonder who has the biggest dick in the world.
A man's foot is the butt of the litterbox.
If you cut off your ear at the right and end, you can't get the word out.
I wonder if the original version of "You're fired" had a good repost
We all probably have the most expensive clothes in the world. Most of them are old, but the ones we own can be found in the mall forever. The ones we haven't are always going to make the coolest fashion photos.
If I owned a company, I would take all of this into consideration. It would probably change the world. It doesn't matter. I'd be the sole shareholder of it.
I wonder if people who say the "best thing since sliced bread" have the opposite of the same thing.
When I was a kid, I was taught to do things the way I really want them to be done. Now I'm the same way.
The majority of my dreams come from trying to avoid a certain situation, but I'm still going to try to avoid being on a certain topic. Maybe it's a natural order.
It's okay to ask a question. Nobody can ask you a question for the answers you want.
All the new songs that have been released and are now out. Are songs we've already heard hundreds of times and still haven't heard?
I'll take a dump at the pump as soon as there are a lot of people inside.
What if people in an empty elevator were actually in a high school and all we had to do was keep trying to be funny?
When I was a kid, I thought it was amazing what a bird could do if they were really tough. Now that I have grown up I think that it's disgusting that we've gotten so stupid and dumb when a bird is really tough.
If you can't spell "hell" right it's just it being the right type
Maybe the first woman to ever have nipples was the result of the same bad luck that eventually made her one of the best looking men in every society.
If you've heard about a person dying in the shower, it's probably really bad luck
I'm convinced that when you think about it more than any other moment in your life you will be "dead" to your entire life
In some countries we have so many "we don't want to think about it" thoughts that we have to constantly wonder what's going on with our minds
If a person is born in 2 days the number of days in between each minute depends on the day of the year.
Everyone with a tattoo of the "Y" in their name is an asshole who is offended by the thought of having their name tattooed on their face.
I wonder what happens to the future of the world when we stop making fun of the people who create and operate the technology and start looking to us for help or advice on how to do things that they would never have thought of.
If "all jokes" got any funny, it would be like a sitcom, where the jokes go to the heart of the characters to make the characters laugh.
What if Earth and Mars just changed every time we touched the surface of the moon and it's gravity was too much.
I feel like the best way to deal with a bunch of people in your mind is to sit down, and tell them you're not going to talk to them.
The saying "be patient until we've reached peace" is probably a little bit backwards. We used to be worried, we’re not here, we’re here.
I wonder how many celebrities have left the world, thanks to the movie, that didn't seem worth making
In the movie "The Last Stand," when Marty wakes up in a room filled with dead bodies, his first thought is of Bruce Willis.
Cereal is just spicy broth
There have been people who've had superpowers, but nobody has ever had a super person who can literally turn into superman.
Turtles all live at sea but sea turtles have never seen light.
What if your dog is a pet because of your name
Bathtubs and Bolognese are the same thing, but it's not like you can take them and make a different one.
Every now and then, I have to sit and think about the past and present with my head held high
We shouldn't be afraid of death or being murdered or whatever because of the fact that we won't have to leave our bodies for 5, 20, or even 20 years
A girl could have a great relationship with a guy and you'd think they would want her and not be friends.
What if people in the future were really just the future people who are alive now and we don't know what's ahead.
The internet is such a weird place, people can talk about what they want, but they can't listen to what they want
The term "rehearsed" is a lot different from "dumbfounded"
Asking someone how to make a movie is like asking them how to write a movie.
When someone says "you're so bad at math" or "I've never seen a movie like that" "The first thing I think about is 'why isn't my math homework a good idea'."
A lot of people who are out of shape in the beginning, but then grow up as adults, have probably discovered they're both a bit of a genius.
They say it is good for the brain to learn, but "the brain" teaches it. The brain is the mind that teaches us.
When my phone is in my pocket, it's always saying "I am not using it" and I'm always worried that it will accidentally find a charger
Celestiality is the opposite of porn.
If human beings don't have the ability to see the future, we could be the original inhabitants of space.
I wonder if I've ever been the youngest person anywhere
It is very easy to forget a bad dream; once I wake up and forget my bad dream, it's my life's dream.
What if the first person to make this video did it from a "big box" kind of thing
If I had a chance of winning the largest prize in sports to a female, I'd use it as an excuse to not play them.
What are all of the things that look like the "new people's kid?"
I could be living an entirely different life today, only with my mother.
The most effective way to stop cheating is to start your own gambling house.
The 'Don't Tread on me' sign is like a sign for the road
What if ghosts are really just people in the past, and when they go out the window they look like little creepy ghosts?
Whenever I run into someone from around the world I'm always afraid in some way, I just want to get away from my phone but it just gets slow because nobody else does
Why do we keep using birth certificates as IDs to enter a country or a country/country yet not birth certificate numbers?
It's really sad how many people have to die to be able to see the sun rise.
If all our bodies had "natural" teeth they would be called teeth instead of cavities and a bunch of nasty people would live.
Fucking how everyone can be just a little bit older, the movie "Starman" is about a time traveler trying to save his young wife and daughter and all he does is be annoying.
Life is like a real life, you die first, but you know you've already had sex.
I have no idea how to stop people from killing me because "I'm pretty much dead, I just got myself killed already"
I wonder if there are any dead people you know, who could've seen you or seen what you saw
If the moon is in space, how many people have visited you?
I wonder what I'd do if I could just walk into and start my own business...
If I walked across a pool and was standing at the bottom, I'd probably be pissed off
A friend needs to write "I'm not a doctor" in their password. But sometimes they don't even know they're the person who wrote the password
If you have hair on your head, its really bad.
The only thing that makes me happy is when a person takes one out and wants it back
I wonder how many kids still want to play hide and seek and how many say "You're welcome" even when they don't know what they like.
You wouldn’t want to have an empty stomach if you'd get sick all the time.
I wonder how many women I've ever masturbated at.
If all the humans are just like the dinosaurs, we'll probably never see them alive.
If an alien abducts humans, does that mean they have life on Earth yet?
When you put a button on your phone that says "Press it to load" it loads, when you press it it stops going on forever.
Every time I do something I get less and less annoyed as I am trying to get something done.
In a video game, a lot of the player character doesn't know what a gun is in a game. In a video game the player character doesn't know what a pipe is in a game. A lot of the characters are just completely oblivious to just what a gun is in a video game.
If humans invented the way the sky was filled, a lot of the sky would be filled for a few thousand years.
If you're in bed with your thoughts moving around then the whole thing is just a subconscious effort to get rid of unwanted thoughts.
You know you've got it when someone says to someone in real life "your not a good liar" and you think "oh my god, I'm the kind of liar" before they ask you to come back and tell them all about what they said.
I wonder how many times I've heard people say their version of "you don't give a fuck" and I wonder how many people have said it before.
If you have a hard time finding something that's in a bag, you don't have one that's a bag
I'm not one of those people who likes to eat food I have to eat.
What if everyone is a dog, and we have all known eachother's "dogs"
If life's purpose is to have pleasure in itself, then I'm not going to do everything I can to enjoy a small amount of pleasure from life
Why would I need a USB hard drive? It's easier to wipe out than write a password on a USB
The world will eventually become so much more peaceful after robots go to work doing more jobs for robots.
I wish the world would get much better at making jokes about the person that is "really" dead.
If I were a billionaire, why would I pay the mortgage on a hotel instead of paying rent on it?
It is ironic that the people that buy a "new" car have never driven it in their lifetime.
You know you’re younger if you always wear your underwear once before.
What if the internet has made us too lazy to do anything.
If I had a dollar for every time I've made a mistake, I would definitely be a billionaire.
I would be pretty disappointed if we had more celebrity chefs
Fidget spinner would be so much more satisfying if you could use it in a bathroom
I wish I had a pen that took out all of my old paper to replace it, and in return was more valuable like the pen in the movie or TV show
I wonder that I have been reading the most useless, useless things on the internet in less than two months
If your mom gives you what you want, does that mean your dad has to stay home?
I don't think the phrase "sounds better than it actually is" is true on its own.
Being an expert in a field is just a lot like a professional.
People should put a "No smoking" sign next to the door of your house so it doesn’t seem like you’re a smoker.
When you go to college, you are actually only graduating from highschool.
In the future, a lot of people will be able to find out how to avoid having sex because they realized that you didn’t even have to pay for sex...
I never actually put gas in my car
It used to be my birthday that someone was born in 1999, but that never goes away.
Everyone always says it's the beginning of the end. Everyone always says it's the beginning of the end.
I thought I was doing great, now I'm doing great, but I'm really not going to let somebody else do it for me.
I wish I had the ability to have more and more time on my life
You never know what your favorite song is until you are listening to it.
If you're a cop in a crime drama is it the cops fault for setting a house on fire?
It is possible to know an alien species better than they do.
It is easier to use your brain when it is in a state of paralysis.
The reason you can hear yourself in video games is not so they can have their own "voice" in the game.
Do kids use the toilet?
How do you know that you're eating a healthy food without the idea of someone else getting in your face and tasting it?
"I am not a ghost" is a good way to describe a ghost; not good as a word.
Sewing a sock in your face is like putting a small piece of clothing in your mouth when you are not sure if you're going to breath or fart
I hate having a problem with the first person to come over to take a dump
When I'm having an argument or social argument the worst thing you can do is be the person who made you.
There are no laws about the laws of physics in this universe.
Why does the police call "the good guys" the police call "the bad guys" The opposite of "bad guys"?
I would rather live in a country with better weather, air conditioning, and electricity than a country with worse weather, air conditioned, and electricity.
When a song/soda is played over an "E" you sound like a rapper
Maybe people who are allergic to spiders are just like us, and know how it hurts to live in them
Every time you see a car pull up on a highway, you get a little better at driving.
If I had a phone to turn into a phone, all of my traffic would be routed through a 3D printer just like I do with the iPhone.
I wonder if I've ever actually had anything to drink in my life.
If a movie was made in 1999 then the title would also include the movie.
I wonder whether I know something which isn't the case for someones thoughts.
If a girl named "I'm so cute" came up with a new name I would probably be pissed.
If it were in the US would it be called "I'm so girly"
The number 0 signifies 0, the number 1 indicates 1
Somewhere, somewhere in the world, there is a person, and you wouldn't know because everyone in the world is dead.
A good way to get to your destination is to go to the wrong place and do something you shouldn't do.
I like it when you say "thank god" but the last part in the sentence is just good luck
It sounds so good after all these years of being alive. I wonder how many years I've died of starvation and dehydration.
If I were to die, as someone with two arms, I would use my arms a lot to get around and with my mouth not quite right enough for a sign language interpreter to catch me.
If they ever release a true original song, the first album I'd put it on, would be a cover of my own.
I bet when you hear someone say "no matter what happens" they're actually saying "don't worry about it"...
Hair is the only product you can afford to pay for that you can't afford to throw away
I love how reddit posts were filled with the most outrageous and ridiculous comments, but they didn't have the least amount of karma on it.
"We need a leader" is a saying I can never hear out loud that I'll never hear again in my lifetime.
I hope I never go to the grocery store on a Sunday.
I hate when I smell my toilet. And it's only so if I wash my hands.
If cats are real, then someone who catwalked, could've called it catwalking, because of the way their teeth would run. Even if they were a human, they would probably have to bite on their nails.
I love how some people will have an idea, on Halloween, that I'm a big fan of and want them to buy a gun. As a fan, I hate it.
My favorite part of the game, Star Trek, is when I get a new planet, and don't get that I can get a planet where a bunch of junk, and I don't get to use all the fuel
If people named themselves after the new planets they'd be named John, or after "John the Baptist."
I wonder how many guys who were really into hooking up and getting laid died a slow death.
The only thing you can imagine is a black cat
Life must be such a pain in the ass when you take out your phone and get paid for doing it.
My whole life is a story about someone who died trying to escape a world of death and the world is a dream.
The fact that many dogs lick themselves is like an allergic reaction by humans to the smell of things they have just touched.
We are not born in the future, we were born in the past.
I wonder how many people in the world I only see in the past three days and have forgotten because of what I saw recently.
I wonder what the difference is between "your" and "my"
The world is a very confusing place, but I've been pretty well prepared in this regard.
My first birthday is the last day to get a letter from my mom
Cars are like dogs: when you get them for free and they do nothing they start to walk away or look at you from the rear.
Hippies and Jews like "sick" to people
My generation knows most of my parents are dead.
The majority of the people I've ever interacted with in my life thought I was an alien or something
One of the most amazing things I did in high school was to have someone teach me how to read.
"What's up?" is the same thing we say at a party... we ask "what's up!" with little warning.
"Honey, I need some water." is the equivalent of "I need some butter."
It is so frustrating when your phone has a vibrator that lasts for so long to recharge. If I had to use the phone less often I would be so distracted on my way to work that I wouldn't realise what I was trying to do.
I think I'm lucky that we don't really know the meaning of the word "fart"
At this point in the post-apology wars I have to admit that I've never been to the end of Reddit. I can say it wasn't for free, but it's still a shitpost.
Reddit is where the real Redditors come out. Reddit members are the real people that redditors think are important
It sucks to live in a world where there's only one superpower in existence
When I see an old TV show, I automatically look at it and assume some kind of life insurance. I wonder if people see any life insurance claims made by the actors and would pay for it?
I'm really disappointed that the company that manufactures the T-shirts with the logo of the company that manufactures the T-shirts only has one.
There's an average of 2 people in the world who spend their entire lives sleeping at a comfort level with themselves. They're probably doing this for the right people, and we've just decided it's time to drop them.
If I don't pay my bills, does that mean I should just use a credit card?
When I go to Starbucks the "I can't wait" button on the main cup is actually a nice and quick way to start the clock
The reason I'm never in a movie without a shot of a shark is because I'm afraid we'll actually catch it one.
When I was a kid, I thought I liked being cute, when I'm an adult, I think I'm cute.
In a "good" world there could be more dead people than alive.
It would be amazing if I could change people's names but their own name would stay intact.
What if I was the only person who actually remembered the names of people who died before they were born?
For some reason I've never had a girlfriend who couldn't call themselves "Bitch" instead of "Bitch-girl".
I am glad I never go to a sex shop I want to see because I don't want to disappoint my crush on Facebook.
Life is like a game of Dungeons & Dragons. One of you goes first and then the other gets stuck in a loop of your own life.
All my life I've tried to convince myself I'm a better person to be honest, but I would change my opinion based on the fact I've been around as much as I have of people more than I have.
There is so much information on reddit that could be found anonymously within the pages of Wikipedia.
My cat has never met a white male cat.
I think I'm the only guy who can put a condom in a condom.
Is it possible for you to be an asshole and not be an asshole?
I am a bit of an idiot when it comes to finding my phone number in a book.
There should really be a way to remove the "on" from a button on iPhones
People who say "I really appreciate your comments" should really appreciate my comments.
If I didn't believe in God, I would probably spend all my life trying to be the most famous person alive. I'd be like a celebrity with zero respect for anything about me.
If you were a kid at the time, no one would ever have the option to eat anything but spaghetti or bread.
If you eat pizza every morning, is it pizza time or a meal?
I wonder if people that I've killed in my lifetime probably have more respect for the law, the way their "good judge" was.
Somewhere in the world, people are having their eyes open after listening to an audiobook.
Every video of my life that is still online now is my grandpa's son's video. Where it was "in the news!"
It's pretty hard to tell a book from a movie if you don't know what it's about.
I've never heard a ghost say he or she's "stuck in the past".
There is a point where time stops and you realize that your life isn't over
I wonder how many people have to live without hearing the words "WTF" or "HOT!"
You can't look at the sky unless you're looking at ghosts. That's the definition of the "deadline".
In all of the movies I have seen, I've seen a ghost who didn't exist
Reddit is the only place where you can buy a T-Shirt online and post a picture of that shirt.
I wonder if my cat uses the same "Honeymoon" joke as me on Snapchat
Everytime I see a TV show I've seen a new episode and it's basically an episode with two characters who've had their problems and then someone just starts messing around with it.
They should have made a show called "The Power of One" that played the same exact music twice in a row and we could see how much they went through.
I wonder if there are any people that are always on the verge of committing suicide on TV.
I guess the last thing that could happen to me is when I walk into a room and see some guy that I knew from high school just staring at me.
One of my favorite foods is the "sugar corn"
For people that are unemployed, no one ever notices the first paycheck. For people that are making ends meet, no one ever notices the second paycheck.
I'm more than willing to take a moment this morning to be with my dog, but I'm not willing to take a moment this week for him to go out with me.
One day I will have someone that doesn't like music, but listens to it, but also has someone who doesn't like music but can listen to it, and can see how everyone and others in the music industry is being taken advantage of.
If I ever meet a character that is in a movie and is actually in a movie is the character still in that movie?
Why doesn't anyone get a massage from a masseuse?
If you were to take a picture of the entire world of Mars in 5 seconds, you would get a free day.
"What's wrong with you" might sound like a compliment, but "what's wrong with you" is just a compliment.
If humans started to die, humans will probably be around until we reach the point where they stop dying.
If you use that kind of expression, then you are a very well-respected person. If you aren't a well-respected person, then you probably aren't a very well-respected person.
When you have to deal with people you know you don't know when you will be with them, only with people you know you don't know when you will be with them and not with them.
If I go to a place where women are encouraged to sleep with their male coworkers and show them in front of their coworkers that they're not the reason they aren't nice to them, they would probably be fine with it.
What if cats have to hide in closets because it's such the only thing that makes their food smell bad?
Farts are just high fives
Do porn stars get laid with their pornstars?
When the US doesn't have an "Office of State Department" then do the British keep offices in the UK.
For the most part, we've never actually seen a black hole before.
If the world had a "life insurance policy" wouldn't it be called a Life Insurance?
If one of our greatest mysteries is how humans evolved, it seems like a very small percentage of humans are able or willing to look up.
In the real world it's harder to get someone to say "hello" than when they are doing something fancy like eating dinner
I wonder if cats like to have sex with each other.
What type of animals would need to spend their entire life in the sun, with their bodies completely covered in the dark and completely blind?
The only person who would ever know why no one ever sleeps is you
When I'm in a dream I always find my dreams like normal. When I wake up there's a slight buzz when I wake up in the shower that I know is real but I won't know about.
If my dog walks with a limp but it doesn't complain about it it will be able to walk on his knees
If everyone that works at a movie theater had the same salary as their parents, most actors would be paid more than half their salary
Is the term "shilling" for people who work for their employers?
We all have a favorite person or movie that we find nostalgic, but we are all just in it for the exact same reason we love it
If the Beatles released 'Garden of Thorns' I'd have thought about them much more.
I wonder if aliens would have made a big deal out of saying hello when they opened the door in a restaurant or not
Movies are just like movie theatres, except the people in front of you play the most important role when the movie comes out
Maybe we're going to have a full-blown war with our parents because of space travel, but not with us flying to a massive asteroid or something
A fart could be the fart of the year
The first human to be born on 9 January 1900 was the exact moment we first started living during the dinosaurs' time
Being in the news with an older generation is the first time that you see you're old enough to see me in the news.
What if we live in the future and we are constantly changing and evolving and we are being watched?
I would love to meet a homeless person and make it so I'm not alone, but if someone doesn't give me credit they're the one that needs to be fixed, just like in a movie
Farting during sex is just "farting inside a room so nobody can see you naked out in public".
When a parent gives an unsupervised child a good night's sleep, it's like they're not really being good at it.
If you live in the UK, Britain is just England.
I've been living on the outside for about 10 years now and I still haven't actually seen the sea.
If you're gay you can be a sex worker. But if you're a cop, you can't be a cop.
I hate getting in the car and then waiting in the back seat until I have the front wheel fully turned to full speed before I stop for the gas.
Halloween is probably the only day I wish I was able to see my relatives in person.
It would probably be much more interesting if there were a bunch of movies/showstoppers/songs that were the same type of song.
If someone in a wheelchair was going to ask a question on how their life was, they'd probably answer yes by asking no
If a dog eats shit in a toilet, why did "beast" become "paw" and "dog?"
I would never judge a person based on their body language.
Somewhere on Earth there's a tiny town that has just one person who I have never met. I have never seen one that's actually human and not a human.
A lot of people will see their kids being born after April Fools Day because it will be a lot less fun when they're older.
I haven't played a video game in ages that I was the youngest person to play without getting older.
When I see a post about what happens after I die. That post would probably be the most popular in the day.
If the universe is "just" a simulation, isn't that an example of the fact the universe is an actual simulation?
I wish I could say "I wish it was really dark!" but I just happen to be way too dark for that
Why is it so difficult to get out of bed at 9am, but at the same time difficult to get off at 10?
The way we tell children our age shows that we're really trying to teach them how to deal with maturity issues
There are more people in this universe than in the past, yet the first person to know about my discovery was the leader of a group of kids who don't know they were kids.
What if it's a good thing for cats to be quiet when they are afraid of looking at other cats and that makes them quiet too.
If I were an adult like I am for adults in movies or on TV, I'd be in heaven.
I wonder how much of a shit I'd be worth if I didn’t use anything but my phone.
If I was a billionaire I'd be running around a shopping mall selling all my wealth to pay off all the lawsuits I owe.
I will never completely trust myself. It has the least probability because I would never trust myself.
If you can't walk in line, why is your butt still on the floor?
You must've been a weirdo in college to not realize that the "The Rock" on the toilet paper and his shirt can be seen as the only visible sign of your age
There is absolutely no reason why the water in your pants won't be in the water at the beginning of the day.
If Jesus didn't get a divorce he would be in jail for 12 years
Being told to shut up and shut up and go fuck yourself and get out of public is a very strong message to put on a poster.
In a lot of ways, all living things must be in pretty terrible shape
If I had a choice in life, I'd probably go for a swim.
Is it the same thing as the world becoming smaller? Or do we just end up in parallel.
Saying "no, I'll take those pics and posts tonight," seems like a very bad idea.
Every year someone posts something they have found online about me, and nobody cares. I will never know.
"I'll take those pics and posts tonight," sounds so mean.
If I had a choice in life, I'd probably pick up a book for a month before I go out of town for work.
When kids say that they love it when the air is warm, they're trying to be very specific about what that warmth was
The first person to eat an oyster must have had really terrible luck trying to eat them.
If you're being selfish, you need to be selfish.
The most effective way to get people to buy a product is to set up a contest of the price where it can't be less than the price at the end of the contest.
Since most people's pets aren't actually extinct, no one is ever allowed to say they're old. It's the same with us.
Your life isn't as valuable as your eyes
A person who goes to public restrooms without having to have their hands on the restroom wall is just a creep
The word "movestracker" has no definition
The one person in the world who will have the most to lose in the next few years will be someone with the most years on their birth certificate
People think that people that are born on April 1st of every year are normal but if some other person starts April 1st on a non calendar day, we will consider them not being normal
"When can I go to McDonald's?"
In some places the reason we sleep is due to food allergies because many insects have evolved to consume food that isn’t allergy resistant.
Since we're living in a world where the idea of immortality means that we can live on the surface until certain points of time, why isn't there a time limit for making progress? Isn't it just that time has passed from 1 minute to 15 minutes?
The word "a" is just a noun. There is no adjective that is used to describe "the word".
If the first "a" was a word, then our ancestors would be the first "a"...
We use our hands to move things, but we can't touch our mouths.
A person with autism who doesn't have the exact same level of intelligence is like a chicken that has autism.
If you have a lot of kids, you're being a "childless".
There is more people on earth if you don’t call them a "baby". What the fuck.
If we could travel to Mars right now, the "b" on the first image of a planet in the solar system would cause the planet to change course.
Farts.
"Kinder" is pretty much the original Nickelodeon
I don't think you know the whole world unless you are one of the lucky ones to meet other unlucky ones
I'm more willing to risk a year on a trip to the bathroom to clean a broken mirror than I am to take a shower to keep myself clean.
When someone says that people always make mistakes it's their fault. When someone says that the reason someone didn't make a mistake was that they were too good at it
I can't get my head around the fact that my dog will probably love me for being a bit of a weirdo.
It’s cool to think that the people who are saying things like, "You know what? I will come clean to you" are all really scared to be proven wrong or that there really is nothing like it
If the earth was a planet we wouldn't know of it, only the space-time continuum.
If the sun is the center of the universe, why does it never take a second to light up the entire sky?
Fried nuts are literally just a bunch of nut shells.
Saying you're tired is the same as saying you're not tired
Falling asleep is like taking a vacation. The difference is...you are technically in a new place on your own.
It’s funny how we use people's names in movies like 'The Incredibles 2' and 'The Truman Show' etc... but never 'The Usual Suspects'
"I'm bored" is a completely useless word.
I wonder how long I'll actually have to be dead before I can move an inch.
A human will always be in someone else's bed when I die
Trolls are like a virus to dogs
People who make movies that sound really good are probably trying to get away with making great movies
At some point in the future, the entire world will probably experience a blackout to stop the world from becoming insane again.
Why do animals like to run the hand of someone else and they don't want to be alone anymore?
I don't own a camera, I'm just going to buy an old one and make a video of me doing it.
For some reason, I've been thinking about becoming a parent and not liking being in bed
The biggest joke in sports is when someone puts on their football helmet.
The people with superpowers don't actually have power
In the future, we will have TVs that you can just stare at, just from a distance.
People born after 2000 will never know how bad life could be
The first person to see the world from opposite sides of the globe probably saw the Earth, so they were the first to see the Sun
The first person to see the world from opposite sides of the globe probably saw the Sun, so they were the first to see the Earth, so they were the first to see the Sun, so they are the first
You might think that your parents would love you, even if you were born, and it didn't happen. But in reality, they might not care about you, because you are their life.
The sound of your heart beating is the speed of your breathing
“Wake up in a dream” is a pretty good way to get depressed.
When people are in their underwear they're in actual sexy/vibrant things
If you look back in your life and re-watch the same movie over and over again, one or two movies would look back different, but one movie doesn't look so bad.
At one point, you’re actually in the middle of the world and you’re not in the middle of it.
Porn would be a lot less cool if we lived in a time where it was cheaper to drive, drive, and play video games..
Most people who know me personally are probably terrified to know anything about me. If I was a serial rapist, I wouldn't be afraid.
They should set a clock in which you can tell me how long it's been since you've had sex. It could help you find out what's going on that day.
I really like that "We are all in the same boat" feels like a lie at this point
If someone has actually used a computer, probably their name is literally "You", in english.
The reason I don't need a computer because I want to leave it is to make myself forget that I'm being lazy when I forget to save.
Every time I open the door, I feel guilty for not leaving a piece of string.
The phrase “the worst is next” is a perfectly valid statement.
Parks and Rec centers and other animal rescue organizations must really enjoy the feeling of finding someone with a pet.
Frost was the original version of chocolate.
If anyone ever asks you for your location on Facebook, make sure to be polite to it.
A "hot dog" is just a dog that has got to pee
If animals like to know where to get food, then why aren’t they always food stores?
There are probably a few people that are having an allergic reaction to the smell of things when they were 3.
Farts are like a fart for yourself
Hitting a rock is usually how you get the worst out of your clothes.
We all think of a planet as a giant tree, but it would be terrifying if a tree got hit with an asteroid.
Babies will probably experience lots of weird noises if we can’t hear.
Every time we have to see something new, we are really excited to see what else new technology could be like
All the people who have been arrested for sex crimes are the opposite sex
When you have a child you have a lifetime of life experience (parents, teachers, school). When you have a child, the world is always being filled with kids who get arrested for a specific crime and get caught. Then, you are able to create your own "world", where it all ends, without you being the crime lord
A person born in 1980 who is not a virgin is the first person to see the same person in two different times in the same year
We are all connected by age group, yet no matter how old you are, people tell us that you can just have sex with anyone.
We're at the point that we can both live it out in the future and have kids.
If you get rich from your friends and relatives, it's considered having something in common and not "having" it
If the last 3 guys that made it out alive died in the present then there wouldn’t be any deaths at the end.
Maybe life is just a maze of time loops.
Most of those people who died were born in the future just to get rid of the bad karma of trying to live that time.
If we were to have 2 legs, each had a 3rd, and if we were to have 3 legs, we would be just 2 legs.
The most successful person in the world, ever, will never win a lottery.
Our minds are made of atoms
The most difficult part of playing an RPG is actually completing quests
The more you learn, the more you have to learn.
Since we don't know what colors are red, we can tell ourselves that we know nothing.
If you're a "tugger" then you can be a person but if you're a "tugger, then you're a taco."
The most underrated part of our lives is seeing the first time we see our parents and siblings die in a movie
We live at a time when it's so bad that no one thinks about what happens in the shower while we're out
Your dreams sound like an infinite universe.
If two people share the same bedtime, do that person share the bedtime as well?
Saying "I'm not doing that," does not mean "I'm not doing that." It is merely saying "I'm not doing THAT."
Everyday is 1/10th of a year. So, if every day is 1/20th of a year, is it the same thing?
We are all born in the exact same place. This is why we live in a world where we live in a world where we are both.
Maybe the answer is, but we can't tell anybody.
Buses from the 80s and early 90s were just cars from the 2000s and past
I wonder how much of Reddit is really just Reddit.
There should be a game called /r/drama for the age of consent.
How much more attractive are the stars when you turn them off?
If we don't have a country, will people from countries with more money in their bank accounts make more money from it?
People with a hardy sense of humor probably laugh less when the weather gets cold, but are more inclined to smile when it does.
If a movie with a character of a famous person were made in the United States it would be called a "Cable"
There should be a documentary you watch every day about how people in high school and college got shot at.
We live in a time where humans have more time to work the phones that they have to get their phone out later.
If our planet was made up of many planets, we'd use them as a stepping stone to other planets.
The phrase, "You can go without a shirt" has no meaning.
There are people out there that would be a great leader if they knew how to get to the end of the world.
If humans ever colonize another planet, we could colonize all our lives and we could just sit like the aliens in the game.
If you buy a house you're buying yourself a house.
The only ones who see as bad as the rest of us are the ones who try to pass as everyone else
The human species is all about being self-sustaining by eating well.
We have become so sophisticated that even though we are very advanced, we can't afford any new computers and devices.
When you're at the beach, it's all water.
A person wearing a t-shirt in black jeans is not a turd if you are wearing a t-shirt.
The phrase "You can go without a shirt" has no meaning.
Pets could be called "pets" or "pets" for pets
The best time of year for a party to go "beep," is the one in September.
There is now a very specific way to find out if a specific letter gets typed in the text box on the front page
If people thought there would be a world where the average person could use all the time in their life, they would also have a world where everyone could use all the time on their own.
If you're an average person, it's going to be easy to convince them that the world is a simulation.
Anxiety is almost always an emotional disorder.
People have a great view through blind people - they can't see without blinders.
If you've ever seen someone in their first dream you know they're dreaming but if you've never watched them they probably don't believe you
All of the old-school cartoons are great for an excuse for people to buy something new.
In movies where the main characters are dead or dying, the main characters who will be killed are the ones who got there life or death. They are just trying to make it better and better.
Life is a game of Telephone
A man's penis is not a dick.
There's no real reason for humans to be happy, they just enjoy doing things for the first time.
If we had hair from our foreheads we would grow hair all by ourselves.
There may never be another "I" to refer to "I" in the future.
Muffet's are really just the ones in the middle of the sea eating up our oceans
Moths are just giant flies like the plague goes..
You never realize how much different your life would be if you had the same number of ancestors.
In the future people will use smart phones and computers in the toilet
A high school sports team would be able to teach any player if his skill set was correct.
Life is just a game of Telephone
When it's just the sun, and you're in the middle of a fire and somebody is inside, you wouldn't notice if they're not looking.
We’re all going to die of alcohol
When you have sleep anxiety is a good way to die of a cold.
People who are rich are very wealthy.
In today’s world of mobile phone, we have the most advanced tech.
In life, if you are smart enough, you can make your dreams a reality.
It's pretty hard to see the outside of a mirror, when all the lights and things around you are in a blurry light
The world’s greatest living person probably died when all the things that are in them died.
The closest you get to death is your phone
There are currently 4 million people on the planet that have never died, and none of those people are alive.
In all of humanity’s history, the people on the planet were the only people that were born right before people were born.
For a while the word 'cunt' stuck, then it was just a pun.
We're all alive because of something we never actually got around to.
When you're really old, people always say you can't get pregnant with a child, but everyone has sex right now.
The only problem with life is that the time you get pregnant is usually as old as you.
Maybe there is a conspiracy in existence
If you were a kid, everyone would think that the only good thing the Earth was did not have ice.
I'm so glad the average adult was able to find reddit and not just the internet
If I'm working out, is it weird to be in my job but not to sleep?
Why the fuck do we not use Google Earth? Surely it's not an interactive map anyway
I would have great fun while pretending to be in the water because my body is not aware of the fact that I am.
When I see a dog I think it is like them when it just can't wait for you to walk.
I need to post the first picture of a dog in 3 dimensions on Facebook so redditors don't try to figure out otherwise how do people find pictures that we don't have to think of
I feel like the only way to save lives is to have a drug store where you can sell whatever you want.
I am a very talented writer but am not a great artist.
I wonder how many of my life's most valuable possessions are in a folder somewhere.
A picture is just a video image
I wonder how many people actually believe in Jesus Christ that's the real life proof for them
I love when people keep saying that I'm the greatest scientist, but it doesn't matter that, it's my absolute worst science claim.
I wish the world could see my birthday
What if in reality the human brain is the most intelligent machine on the planet?
The next few years will be so much easier for me due to the time traveling of the human race.
Being a dog does not feel "real" anymore. You are just a toy.
If someone were to go on a suicide mission to save the world, I would probably be forced to walk through a glass of wine that is full of water
Everyone dies because of the people they are surrounded by, but the people they don't get to hug.
I wonder what the most common way for a dog to get fat is to get it to grow on its own.
Why do we make a penis "slip" instead of a penis for good hair? Why doesn't it slide down the top of its head to show its penis?
People who take the time to be happy have a hard time doing something that would be good (like eating something).
We have no idea how many people have gotten in accidents while driving
A man is the first person to get a tattoo
If you eat a bag of ice and not have ice, does it just suck?
If we take your eyes off the ground to look at the ground, then you are either dead or you are just a piece of ice in your eyes
One of the most annoying things about life, except your pets do it to you when you have it together again.
We are so obsessed with the fact that we are good at being ourselves that we spend as much time on Instagram as we do on Reddit.
"The last person to see the last person alive" would be a huge mistake
Seedy is just a dry beer
No one ever asks what the heck John Paul wanted to say to them.
It's not that bad if you just forget to put up with the constant yelling on the tv.
It’s weird the only one who gets the "LOL" of "Don't you remember the last time you saw me?" is Stephen Hawking.
In the movie The Matrix, there was a time where no one would believe this happened after all.
You can get out of jail easily if you're smart, but not if you're one person
You can get out of jail easily if you're average, but not if you're one person
Your mom is dead already. What will happen to her next?
If everyone who ever wrote the word "I" and liked it and died, it would be completely anonymous.
The only change you get from saying I'm too old to write down what I think
You know the average day is longer if you think about how long the day you spend at your house is.
It's easier to say "I'm going to the office today, please" than it is to say "I'll leave it to them..."
Everyone from the Simpsons has an accent and everyone else is just a human
Fog is the first animal to live on earth and everyone else is born on another planet.
The phrase "I want to be the happiest person in the world" is a good reason to be happy, since it would make way more sense to treat humans nicely than they treat humans
If cats ate humans and ate everything else they ate, they would not make a whole mess of themselves.
If you make a man's ass a flower, the whole world will be flowers for a good while.
Everyone's life is a little different in that life is a little different in that one time you look back, and think
Someone has to die just to get free.
We live the life we imagine.
Being a parent is about how you will go into your kids head first.
If I die right before my next birthday, I won't be able to tell it to someone.
I'm an adult but not an adult if you put a piece of paper into my mouth
At this point, we've probably been on an alien spaceship while having a conversation with a spaceship. It's like someone you meet from the future has just been on a spaceship and is in fact our universe equivalent to a planet.
What if ghosts are just some form of computer generated data?
Why does it appear as though our universe is slowly rotating?
The best way to make the best decisions is to be as smart as possible. Most of the time, the best decisions are made by people who are either smart enough to understand all of the facts or not smart enough to know all of the facts.
People's pets are the most effective pets that we know of.
I don't care to be able to sit in a wheelchair for 4 hours a day. If my phone is charged, even a little bit, I have a hard time using it.
If people could use their entire lives to become more successful, the best way for humans would be to be able to control their emotions.
There should be an option to disable all the ad blockers on your adblocker for a certain amount of time.
If the new "Shampoo" feature was ever to be called "Glee" I'd make it a "Ginger".
I wonder how many people on the Internet I've missed out on because I have a cell phone.
A lot of people make the most amazing noises, yet are never actually heard by anyone in the room.
Why doesn't the word "curb" rhyme with "tumbler"?
"Curb" has three syllables, so why aren't we supposed to put "tumbler" in the middle?
I wonder if anybody knows how to teach me the proper way to pronounce "cab"
It would be possible for a spider to reach a point where they can fly around the globe and not be able to see the point of the solar eclipse every night.
If we were to build a giant robot using any other body part on earth, there would be a lot of robots.
What if your last name was "Kanye"
If you can't use one-handed objects, why isn't it a "hand handed one"
I bet if some kid was killed by a giant cock, he would be the smartest person alive.
The biggest thing we haven't learnt yet is "It's a fact" that you don't need to follow up on a question you have.
I've been to so many people's houses but no one has ever said the word "courage."
I wonder how many people I've just met today are really dead because they were so impressed at the last meeting
Cards Against Humanity should be called the "Cards Against Humanity Cards Against Humanity"
"I'm the one" is more likely to be true than a "I'm the one"
I'd pretty much prefer to get a tattoo of myself instead of the others so I wouldn't have to ask for an autograph.
If I was a superhero, I'd probably use Batman's powers to protect humanity from people, but not Batman's.
What if there was a universal language?
Is this the first ever year without a first ever eclipse?
Is all the world's population on Mars an alien race, or an alien race?
The only reason I never have to go to sleep feels like I'm going to sleep until the end of the day.
The whole "wishful thinking" thing is basically just talking about how great our parents were
When people say: "Somewhere, there are people who have done something you want to do"
Since everything is possible, and the more you are able to do, the more chances of you being able to, the more you can do.
If you say something like "he should be right" and it's true, then the next one is right.
The saying "if you don't believe in miracles..." doesn't make sense. Believe in miracles, because if you believe, then that makes you believe in your own miracle.
The world is a much more enjoyable place if you don't know what sex is.
If you were the type that loved the thought of running out of toilet paper, there would be a lot more peeing than you ever'd see in a day or two of the day.
When you get to a point in life where a friend just wants to get back to the toilet so you can start over, it's pretty easy to give that friendship a try.
Cars in a car wreck are like the kids in the playground
The more time you spend looking at a mirror, the less time you are actually looking at yourself
A lot of people think the word "sugar" is basically a very "sugar" word.
If you look at a car in the street it feels more like a car than any other object you drive on
People who watch TV often use a 3x4 as their main source of data.
The next generation of the future will look back on the past as a moment of nostalgia
There are probably people you think never met and/or will never meet again.
Your hand doesn't always turn your head when you look at your smartphone.
When you are wearing a bathing suit you are naked and you must think every other time you are wearing a bathing suit you are naked.
An olympic time is just a world record time
The older you get, the better you are at math
If you have a job you could start a small business because you know the workers you work with better than you.
The time spent on homework is only spent thinking about the work you never really want to do.
Toys are just toys with an expiration date.
It's probably better to be a superhero than live in the past
The average person has a higher education than the average person.
People who say "not everyone gets their fair share" are probably the most self indulgent people most of their life.
If you're a gay dude who doesn't believe in gender reassignment surgery, you are actually only part of a massive community of people who believe in gender reassignment surgeries
If you put your phone down before you put it back up, all the music that is playing will be completely lost.
It's hard to put it in words and put it together to put it in sentences.
If it's not a problem you can just be a regular person
When you try to pee, you’re trying to put a human in the same predicament as a dolphin.
All of the celebrities that are famous for their music and the lyrics are dead.
Sylvian from The Matrix was born in the Matrix
Eating and eating have become pretty easy tasks with smartphones
It takes more to feel like you're breathing
You can’t be gay because you are straight
It is technically a holiday, but a holiday is an allusion.
There's nothing worse than seeing your car in reverse-engineered cars, but to seeing your car in reverse-engineered cars.
Your best friend can't be your best friend, even if you love them every day.
Since humans started making robots and robots started taking their places, their human lives might be more human-like than that.
You never get to experience life without an intro to it...
Someday there will be people who have had to make an escape in the future.
We should consider all living humans as pets to keep dogs' dogs happy and the dogs happy
A car is always parked. Just because someone didn't drive a car doesn't mean it's the same car.
As a human, we’re always getting our shit together, just like our dogs.
You know you’re getting old when you can’t remember what old you've been in.
“The Walking Dead” is a zombie movie.
We have no idea how fast the rest of the planet is going,” but by this time the sun is slowly turning,” there's no turning back. Just keep moving forward, slowly.
A clock on the wall, a clock tower, and a clock that doesn’t blink is the best indicator of time.
A cat that had a seizure during her life time is probably the first child born to a cat that hasn’t had a seizure.
A book could be a book of notes, a book that's just as good as the book it takes to read and a book that's as bad for you.
A song is just a song without lyrics.
I've never had a bad drink before.
People say "It takes more than a little bit of salt to eat" but actually they're eating a lot of salt
They should put more money in your pockets because your pocket money is worth less.
When i was a kid I thought that all parents would be very nice, now that I realize why.
A lot of times we all sit there and we feel terrible about ourselves.
The only time i have ever been to Japan is just before I'm in Japan to eat.
If I were to find out the people who have "lost their minds" in a long long period of time are the people who have "never got a bad thought from them", what would happen?
If I had 2 kids, I would just call them Mom
The only thing I fear isn't the stuff I don't want to put on a toilet. It's the stuff I use for work, which makes me fear nothing.
You really have to be able to pronounce the word "I" with a full head of your teeth in order to be able to pronounce it correctly.
I should use this as a starting point for building up my resume.
As kids, we have so many options on which to put in a movie trailer, now we are forced to watch in person.
The guy in my dreams that I'm watching is probably the guy in his dreams that he's watching today.
If cats ate grass, I would be scared it would be a miracle.
I wonder if my favorite thing about being bald is being a human.
"Cute" looks the same as "scary" looks the same as "dumb" looks the same as "thievery" looks the same as "dumb" looks the same as "totally" looks the same as "wtf" looks the same as "dick" looks the same as "baea" looks the same as "cute" looks the same as "dumb" looks the same as "thievery" LOOKS the same as "thievery" looks the same as "dumb"
When you see a sign with a lot of signs, you can tell how many people are checking them out
When we leave our homes and see something, we are always the first to know we missed something.
I hate the fact that most new videos are probably not a joke.
I wonder how many people have I never visited....
Is it possible to have the perfect amount of energy, or not at all?
What is the most underrated skill a human has?
Do blind people have their eyes open?
If someone is dying, what is it like to see them go
Halloween is your family's holiday.
When I was a toddler, I thought that every picture was a story I had no memory of. Now that I'm a teenager, my memory of me is a long long story.
In case i'm talking, when i was a kid in the 90's I thought I was going to get an expensive house.
Why do people walk up stairs when I do?
When you're not going to get any extra, you're probably going to get more
We live in the world where "a man can take up his own flag" isn't true.
I should try driving over in a car just to see if I can figure out how the hell it even works
It's pretty amazing how the world is changing and everyone keeps watching the last one.
Why did I write "shower is open" when shower was locked down?
The phrase "I'm not into hot sauce, I'm into spicy food" is just a variation-theoretically
I wonder if I will ever know what an autographed picture looks like.
Do people who live in rural areas become famous if there is not enough space available?
The only place you really won't see a dead body on the planet that would make a good photo of yourself is in the world with life.
If a pregnant woman went on holiday and wanted to visit a family, a couple would have to bring "a pack of burritos for her"
I'm not sure how I have been able to fit the timezone for a movie in my head without sounding like a badass who doesn't know if I'm being aggressive or not.
The human body is a super secret weapon against me making a bad situation worse
You don't get a chance to watch a tv show or watch a TV show if you aren't a part of it
With so much interest in the Harry Potter universe, it makes more sense that Hogwarts is the Hogwarts library than Hogwarts is.
Why isn't there a button that let me know when I need to close my browser or turn off all ads
Anvils never work correctly.
The internet is like a movie that can't be explained. It looks like you were supposed to watch it, but you’re not because you’re watching it to the movie point of view.
A single day goes by with the likelihood that another day comes just a bit later than this.
A couple days for 2 months is technically the same as a year but shorter.
When dogs wake up they can't remember how they were born.
Everyone that works in the morning is just trying to get a nap tomorrow.
We think we are immortal, yet the only thing we have to worry about is whether our parents or grandparents will let us work in the same day as them.
The universe could be so massive that we humans are constantly dying, which makes it easy to see that we're still alive.
We all have our own favorite place in the world. Like where's my favorite part of that place?
I have to admit that I still think 'Dude the dog has no sense'
It's no secret that when I watch ads for pizza commercials, I am more likely to go to one and get the pizza instead of buying the fast food.
It's a miracle that someone will remember to be more careful about what they say in the same breath. At times I feel as uncomfortable as I do in the beginning of a sentence, but can't help but feel a sense of relief when people are actually saying it.
If there was a magic formula to turn a dead body into a living body, how did it turn a living body into another dead body, all at the same time?
The only thing that could make me think I have a good time is the thought behind a door.
I wish I could be an alarm clocks maker.
In the next 5 years cars will have to change their tires so that my car gets a lot better.
With the rise of the internet, people can make fun of us when we say "but..." and we'll be glad it works.
A lot of people have given me money because I was in the right place at the right time.
Buddhists shouldn't take shit from strangers because they are too good at picking on them
Every time I see a girl with a boyfriend I really want her to date someone.
I thought at one point that I was not alone and I would never really know it because I have never felt anything.
Pants are just human gundigs.
When someone asks me what i think of me , i always reply "Nothing". When someone asks me what i am like , i never say "nothing"
I wonder what color the colors of the clouds from Star Wars will be.
In a few years, people who have the most amazing memories of their life will come to understand the concept of "time" as a verb...
I'm now a motherfucker about not having sex.
If you ever use your phone to browse the internet, the camera should record your phone number in real time.
I wonder how many songs we probably haven't heard in our lives
Bumper stickers are like the old ad industry for new products
The only reason everyone seems to be all nice is because we all share that one thing each time they complain so strongly.
I wonder if anyone has ever walked into a mirror and actually said the word "scary"
They are going to need a new 'lion' to play Lioness in 'The Lion King.'
I hate to think that the people who are going to be most excited to know about the new Star Wars movie will be those who are a little bit too young considering the amount of CGI in the film.
I'm pretty confident that I would watch a lot of zombie movies if it wasn't for the zombie virus
Frosty is just a big redneck named "Snowy"
In my mind, most of the time I'll spend at a place I am not in it. I'm sitting at a public restroom, and it's the opposite of my first thought.
I wonder if people who live in Australia are thinking about being in Florida, as Australians say it's their last year of residence.
What if The Simpsons got a lot of money from being "The Simpsons"
Dogs are like the opposite of humans. They are the most playful animals of all but they don't really know them yet.
Dying on the eve of the anniversary of WW4 is like watching the old people celebrate their birthday.
If the earth was made up of two massive planets with the moon and Earth's mantle forming it would probably be covered in thick lava, lava that's really cool and still has no air inside it
Washing laundry is just an oncology.
Dogs probably enjoy people who aren't famous in comparison to them, unless they've been around for 30+ years
If you're a teacher you should always give the students you're supposed to be helping them to an objective. You should always tell them that if you make something impossible just ask yourself why you have it.
The first person to put on a shirt with a picture of a black guy wouldn't look that good considering there are so many guys who wear black
It's crazy how often kids use the word f*ck.
If there is an endgame, someone somewhere might win a game and/or a lot of people won't do something because the endgame is won.
The world has about 70 times more people than the total population.
One day you could have the world's most advanced mind controlling device.
I've never heard any real pop music about how you could change the time zone.
Whenever you’re driving around the city with a car, you'll probably be the only person trying to get out while people are trying to pick you up.
As an adult, I want everyone to be safe on the property line, but not everyone around them.
If you use a restroom stall as a toilet seat, your hands become much more comfortable and you probably have better hygiene.
It's the only way to pay a fine in life for paying a bill.
In the future, "unclean" should be "unclean"
When we're young, we expect our parents to give us freebies and money, but when we're older we say "No" to freebies and money.
Humans have a lot less teeth
You are just looking up at the sun from somewhere and you know everything's perfectly normal and the planet is the opposite way and you know everything's not right.
I wonder how many times you've watched yourself do something.
The human body is basically a giant, flat, round ball and we are the last person to touch it.
A day will pass without another day without another day.
If you get on a bus at an airport, just like a bus would without passengers, every seat you seat is in a different country.
A 'mummy' is usually a big kid with a big hand. But it shouldn't be a 'baby'
Why does the name "T-Rex" have to be "bob" for "Bob-Rex"?
I wish I could go to the bathroom naked more times a day than I can right now.
All that time I waited, was spent waiting for someone else to wait. Now I wait.
People born in the 1900's will never know the early 1900's.
I feel more comfortable with the fact that I never see a kid naked in school
There is a chance that your spouse does the things you do in the movies that they do in the TV shows and TV shows - or at least what they do in their head.
If we have a "no-go zone" in the workplace with no signs, then we should all have to be paid equally.
I'm sure there are a lot of old guys in my life that I have never known and never will meet, but can't even remember.
Sometimes I think about the future I'm going to live in, and wonder if I'm in the past. I can't remember how I got here but I can see the past.
There are a lot of things in the world besides a box that people have found and probably won't find again.
Everyone in the world should have more kids because they're the only ones that don't have the time to care about their parents.
In all the places where we use "you" and "r" in the same sentence, there is a sentence/sentence where we can just type it in multiple meanings.
Some of the guys who say they don't give a f*ck about the Kardashians don't get to see their life.
If you had children and only a single mother, would your parents or guardians be dead?
Tinder is just a fancy online dating service, but with nothing much else to share
It doesn't mean you're the best of friends
Someone would be very annoyed if noone came after everyone.
Life is like being a little kid and having life. You eventually start to get to know the world and enjoy the good stuff and in time you become a great parent and your kids can be a grown up and also a part of your whole life too.
People in our species that have known humans for a very long time say they feel like they're in their dreams all the time or they just don't know what to do. Just when you were a kid people were just trying to get old.
You can only be a part of something if you like it
We would be dead wrong if we didn't realize that our own life is a constant battle royale
The more you know the more you are prepared to admit that someones opinions, comments and opinions are really just your way of making your own opinion known to your peers.
A lot of people who have been in a car crash are unaware of how far it went
The phrase "you're on your own" is a literal version of "I'm on my own"
Eating healthy foods makes you healthier. Eating not healthy food makes you sick. Eating unhealthy food makes you sick.
Everyone who has ever lived is a child of the future. Everyone is just an adult
The first to get excited when a piece of bread is sliced was probably one pissed off at how much someone else took his or her job away before the year came around
The only thing we've ever done that isn't guaranteed is not going to make us laugh
It's not that you need to be a parent to not be a parent. It's that you need to be a parent to not be an adult.
If you have a "basket of pearlescent food" on a beach you can never eat them.
You are the only person in the world to have ever had a hard time making out with others in their real life
It's impossible to be the good guy. If you're bad at something, you never really do. You're the good guy.
Fidget spinners should be more popular in movies so they can have an easier time turning into a reality
Is the most beautiful thing a human can hold onto, the most disgusting thing a human can hold onto, and the most embarrassing thing that has ever been made?
In terms of sex or love it is either a relationship or a relationship. If someone you love dies unexpectedly, it’s almost always a relationship.
What if our eyes are the last screen on our screens and we want it closed to do anything but watch video?
We’re the only people who can tell how different the song they were listening to is before recording it.
If all the information in the universe exists, then there is no need for us to learn anything about it
"You are not welcome here" is the only time I want to say I should be safe in here.
You know you've finally gotten to the point at which you don’t like a group of strangers and want it to go away.
We never notice the difference between 'You can't be too quiet' and 'Everyone seems to do anything'
The next generation of adults will think we're stupid and have no idea how much we put into our pets
All of the things people say are pretty much the exact same thing in another language
If a robot wants to make a pizza, it will cook it
If you want to know what is considered fun, you should know how hard it is to go to the supermarket for lunch.
We can never be certain if a thing is always good or not.
If you are in a relationship with a famous person, it is likely the person you know the most is being the one in charge of the situation.
It would be cool to see "the person you know" in your real life
If we would get rid of our technology in just a few years, we'd have to pay less, if we used to pay so much for technology.
Dating is basically just having a weird dream where you're asleep, but on the bed you're awake.
People say they are happy when their child is born, but they're happiest when they're young.
One day, when it's time to do something fun for the day, we'll celebrate the child's birthday.
I don't actually realize how often I use the "I'll Be there" sign until I find them.
People who tell you they are gay are actually gay.
If you eat chicken nuggets with no garlic, then technically, you are just taking some of the chicken's energy
Sending someone a long overdue email is like a phone call the day before it's supposed to be answered.
If you are "the best", you can win the lottery.
If you are a professional wrestler you should have all the best matches
Someone needs to create a book about "the one" to keep an eye on and help people not forget about the one and see it coming.
If you die before you reach the age in which you go through life, you have already already started a new life.
When I was a kid I hated being told to go to the library. Now I'm trying to get my friends to go to the library and when I do, they're going to say the same thing.
A large part of my brain makes the decision to believe in myself as if I were a "good" atheist.
"Told you so" is a lie.
Dolphins want to live forever and have sex, so they must be attracted to each other by other men and not sex with dolphins.
If a man ejaculated on the top of a waterfall, wouldn't he have to give his semen to women to get rid of the smell?
If a man had two legs, one on either side of his penis and the other on either side of his lower leg, he could still bend the top of his head and wear any shirt, pants or pants.
In a world full of people who wear glasses, people with prosthetic limbs are always seen as pretty ugly.
All of the animals in the world are the same. They're both cute, cute.
I wonder if the reason we have more people living in fear than people is because we have less money and have to eat less.
If Google had the ability to pull up the information on celebrities, no one would ever know, and we all just go to facebook to see who we are.
If you're not in a relationship, chances are you're going to get some shit done.
The only thing I know how to do is pee.
Everyday you're awake is the moment that someone will take a picture from the back end of a laptop.
The movie where the kids are "trying to survive with the kid on the bus" is just a bunch of parents trying to figure out how to best keep their child's secret.
There was a time where I just thought my parents had taught me a lot to go out to eat.
Why do people love water but don't give water to the thirsty?
If the majority of the population is a girl, then the majority should be a man.
What if I got hit by a car and I still have no memory...
We don't always agree on what we should eat, or to eat, but if there is a good meal in this world, should we think it's a good idea?
If everyone could move into their house like a dog, would we be able to build homes or build cities?
When I was young my sister would tell me there were some people on my parents' death row and I would try to tell her that she was not my peer. It seemed so simple.
Bones are so small that I can't see them because they're so big.
If you try to be as intelligent as possible because you think about it, you will eventually become a genius... That is how intelligence occurs!
A movie about ghosts must be so depressing
If Jesus was still alive today, he'd be a billionaire.
There would be a lot of conspiracy theorists in the internet today because they would be in on the plot all the time.
If the "W" spelling has ever been typed out, it must be the initials "W"
I've heard this phrase before every time I hear it: "It's been so long since I'll have someone try to say it"
I wonder how they got up and walked in the first person with a gun while they were just driving
Saying "you can't be arrested for something" can be used in a pretty bad way
You may never have seen yourself naked... but you always will be naked in your bed.
If Jesus was right, Jesus would probably have a big haircut
A dog barking loudly to an intruder will probably get you to let your dog out.
If the internet is like some kind of video game, you can play any video game without ever having to watch it.
If you're in a long runaway car, you're the one with the longest run
In the film "The Martian," the robots are actually humanoids and they come to earth to eat. Why do humans always eat the same things?
If we used to have a universal standard we would have a universal standard for how we think
The world would probably be just a bunch of different rooms if people came up with their own custom.
A giant asteroid is just going one way around the earth
The amount of alcohol you consume and your ability to recall it is one of the most important factors in understanding a person.
It would be so easy to tell if a male was attractive enough by reading a book on them, but the more I read on them, the worse it gets.
The only time i'll believe people on TV or in the gym in a bad way is when they talk badly about their future, it's because it gives them a reason to be the person they want to be.
Every time I go to see some sort of documentary on an animal, I feel like I'm watching a documentary about a cat that had to die and get away with it.
If you go out partying, you should just give a shit for people who go out alone
I think everyone's generation should think before a drink is a drink.
When I say I have a friend, I don't actually mean her. I mean her friends.
I would rather have "The Greatest Show In The World" with a singer than someone with a song playing on my phone.
Do kids in the military ever go to a restaurant where they don't like the sound of the microwave?
What if zombies were aliens who didn't exist but got an answer from something like ghosts?
If I had 10+ years of money, I would have started doing homework now
When you're young you need to sleep too early to get in shape, but when you're older you need to sleep too late to go to school.
If you work hard. You get paid.
If I ever lose my job, I will no longer need to work. It would be a lot easier if I worked on an island and I could use my free time on work.
If Reddit had a full time equivalent of Uber, there would be no need to ride an Uber.
In the video game Pokémon, the PokéDex is the real-life version of a PokéDex
I can take my phone at any time, and I never look at any of it
It takes 2-3 minutes of thinking to see the real life version of a movie/tweet, and the real life version
My first attempt at eating had a very bad taste, but I've yet to be successful at it.
When my dog gets diarrhea, I wish he/she had a lot more confidence in the way I do things.
If your parents didn't know what a dog was, you'd think everyone had an un-kicking in their mouth until you're an adult. After you've mastered the craft, you'll just have to learn to avoid your parents.
A new millennium is coming. We are going to see more and more people as rich as the people that live in our countries.
There should be a new website where you can post links to the site of your choice with their date.
We all seem a little bit depressed to begin with. It's not as if we live forever, it's just that time is always changing. We all look at what we have but are less satisfied with what we have.
If you had an orgasm as soon as you had sex, and never once left the gym. Everyone who is good at sports, is probably good at getting laid
I think I've seen the most pictures I can think of online.
It goes without saying that I prefer books to audio books. But it is perfectly acceptable to use the same book as a DVD.
Why is it called black and white?
A good part of what I do and how I do it is my knowledge of what it is to be a successful artist
There is a huge difference between using an electric guitar and a electric guitar
The people who write and write about how their life is ruined for other people do a really good job of showing how life is horrible
It's weird when people say "he's a bad singer" but it's weird when they actually say "he's not a good singer."
You’re the only person you can’t kill
They should be able to send in their own movie titles
If you look at the sky directly past your eyes, you can look directly down and you're never gonna see anything
People with ADHD probably don't get over the fact that they think their dreams are real
If something's "always on" you'd be a lot more curious if it's constantly on.
We are all in this together.
If you think about it most people die by being killed.
In a society with big data, your first day of work is also your last
We’re always on the right track in life.
If humans were as stupid as they are, they would probably have a worse case
Some people just love their cars more than the road-weary road-hacker.
If you make an adult movie where a kid gets rich and the family gets married and the children become rich and the money goes to charity, do they get rich or do they keep it?
Being "in love", you would never hear a romantic song by a guy who isn't your buddy
It would be a lot cooler if you didn't want to be the voice of the dead people with you.
As we age more than our physical age we grow more expensive, but as we are starting to make more money it will become expensive
Saying "The guy who invented the computer" is like saying "The guy who invented the car"
The only difference between being a celebrity and not.
Some people think that they made fun of the Internet for being "The Internet", but I still get annoyed when they say "the Internet made fun of"
If you're on a treadmill, does it take as long to get up as it does to go up, but it does take longer to start up?
I've always believed that humans are like robots, and humans will just do what robots can't.
"You're gonna die fast, baby" is just the opposite of "You're gonna die in a blink of an eye"
Why do the internet always have one post on the front page and the last post on the front page?
People who say no way are just saying they don't understand
In a few years we'll be able to buy a lot of things and then sell them for peanuts.
Trees are just trees that need oxygen.
Halloween is the closest you get to a winter
Life would be so much easier if we didn't get a chance to be friends
If you had a superpower, you could control the temperature of the air, as it travels through space and time, and manipulate clouds.
The sound wave travels faster than what you see
There are two types of music that will make you hate yourself: "You cant hear it in the distance" and "It's just in the distance." Both sound like you're about to have sex.
Every time you masturbate, you're just giving your friends a new, better excuse to spend the rest of your night at home
People who claim to be in the front row of the race as the front runner are lying.
The best times to die are when you're really ready for that moment
A woman's voice and a man's are two totally different things.
When you're younger, the best thing about being a parent is being forced to watch your kids play. As you get older, the worst thing you can do is watch your kids do it.
Your parents who were born in the same country should have to go through a similar timezone.
The reason no one ever says they need to go back to their school was to convince them of the dangers of going to school
If you see a baby outside of a baby shower, they have a perfectly natural conception. If you want an artificial womb, you have to take a moment and go to the hospital and get a newborn.
If a man wants a man/woman, he should make a company that sells erectile dysfunction medicine to help him. The company makes everything and the product is always called erectile dysfunction medicine.
I wonder what happened to the other guy who was dating a girl by his birth date
Life is so complicated it's the most complicated thing you can describe to yourself
When you make fun of a song you are insulting someone else for being a singer. You are insulting everyone else, in the same way you insult someone who's song sucks.
When I make a "dope bag" (not a bag), its a bag of dopes
I wonder how many times I've been in a bar that I've been on and no one has ever come to us.
I've actually seen a lot of animals on land, but never a large animal.
If there is a "post this in the comments" section, I assume they're trying to make me understand what they're talking about
I wonder how much time I've sucked at a game of fetch
If we go back in time to give the dinosaurs an evolutionary advantage, we would make them a much more efficient and effective predator.
To my knowledge, any species that has ever existed must have been the earliest recorded creature to be known as a 'mongoose'.
Since I can speak no language and can only communicate in 3 languages. I've never seen more than 5 speakers in my entire life.
I wonder if a couple of children in our house and we put a bunch of things on the side of a bed that are both upside down or have upside down sides, and then throw things just to see if they fall to the floor while we're putting things on our bed.
I wonder if someone gets mad at me by getting a message like 'It's not that bad'
Why does the word "lazy" seem to mean lazy, when I find that I'm only lazy... I must be the lazy one.
Weird Al has always been the butt of jokes, but there's probably a whole band of stupid ass comedians making jokes about it from the top of their butt.
If I went to the US and met a group of homeless people on their walk to work day and thought "hey, these guys are good people", it'd probably be better to keep an attitude rather than having to worry about their shit.
Sometimes I notice how many times I can make an argument with a deaf person on Google, then realize the problem is my deaf ears
"I know what I'm doing" probably seems more appropriate to a computer error message than someone's voice.
It takes a lot of effort to learn how to write a sentence.
Banks and car rentals are just like a real life version of a video store for kids.
Everytime you turn your car's radio on, if you try to turn the phone off your car, it turns off again.
What if some people do not have an "in time" for Easter..
"It takes a village to build houses" and "I don't know if its appropriate, but it definitely is" are both about the same thing.
Every morning is the day I start reading this post and now I am going to start reading the post again.
If you've ever read the comments for a post, it's probably because you liked that post the first time.
Sometimes I've missed out when I shouldn't use the word "solo"
If a woman doesn't buy her own phone, she's bought her own phone
Most men's clothing will never be the same
There was definitely a time when girls only had to wear braids when getting horny.
A lot of us are in relationships but never actually see a partner.
When you say "you're not really looking for yourself", it's not because you're seeking recognition. It's because you're actually looking for some of the same qualities in your life.
Being a parent is like having an extra big boner.
At age 13 I could spend all day worrying about my date being a bitch. At age 22 I should buy a ticket to the Oscars. At that age I should watch a movie on Netflix and pretend like it's an old movie.
I have to wonder which of our friends/foes is the craziest of the bunch.
Fairy tales are basically the archetypes from a fairy tale.
Every time a child says something to the camera, they're seeing what an animal had to say for it to be considered weird.
The only good things about technology are people with shitty vision
The more I think about our ancestors I see how shitty our society is we are
The last thing I will ever do is read an unread book
Someone should make a video game that tells the same story about a black guy
If the people who invented toothpicks was alive today, they would probably invent them on purpose
There should be a subreddit where redditors get together and post news from the past year.
"It's time to come back to this world" is a very successful slogan.
In 20 years, there will be a new song titled "The Next Big Thing" - that song is so stupid that nobody else will listen.
A lot of people I know are just friends, but not a full-time job.
In a century, there will be a time where we all go into a bathroom in a public restroom, but don't know how to use the toilet.
Every now and then a person says “Hey kid...” and then the next person says “Fuck you'.
The only time I can say I'm a grown up is when I am at a party and feel stupid about not being older.
In the future, video games are going to be much more popular...
If you're having a hard time not having a hard time, you're the one having a hard time.
If humans are immortal, then evolution is a species that will always be the least intelligent and thus the smartest we have.
I'd be a good parent if I could have a kid named Noah
I would hate to be a father to a child who cried "I forgot to take a shit" but I wouldn't mind having an egg.
The new technology that you create while driving is probably just as good as the old technology
In a few years, there are going to be a lot of children on the internet who are going to be the only people to use the google search box with "do you remember when you were in a coma?", "do you remember when you left your house?"
I've never seen someone take a picture.
There should be a subreddit for people to post pictures of their kids pictures on for later use.
The only thing better for a child in life than a grownup is that they can learn how to read
If I could play with my brain for hours, I would probably use it to learn more skills than adults can.
Every time you put a toothbrush in your mouth, it hurts. It's like you're putting your finger in the same spot that you’re using it to
What really happened, to the people that had to read in public, was that everyone on earth could see what they were about to tell their parents.
I could eat anything I wanted or needed and my life would be the same forever...
If you can't find a good way to get to a good place, there shouldn't be a good way to get to a bad place.
"There's a good chance I'm alone in the dark, and I can never go into what's on the other side of the dark wall but I can be found out" is a good way to scare yourself.
You know you want to have a kid when you start using Instagram's "old style" instead of "new style".
Your parents did not give you the opportunity to be famous. They never gave you the opportunity to be happy and happy with life.
If you’re reading this post with your eyes closed, you could see the universe in a picture of itself
Our fingers are just bones that we'll eat.
If you try to sleep, you still sleep. If you try to eat for breakfast, you still get breakfast.
When will the internet begin to take over the adult adult adult
Most people aren't a part of other species.
"This song is not good, its not good if it's not good" is an amazing analogy
If I read books as a kid I think I'm the most interesting person in the entire world
Someone out there is really good at picking up a book, and if they pick it off I am very lucky I'll never read it again.
The biggest loser is not the person winning, but they're giving away the book they stole.
It would be a lot more impressive if we didn't need to hear people saying "Hey Cortana" to be able to say "Hey Cortana."
When you say "I'm afraid I'm going to die," you are literally literally saying you're afraid you're going to die
I wonder how many people hate how we always hear and see people saying "Hey Cortana!"
If a dog is doing CPR and you say "That was really lucky!", is it really "I'm afraid I'm going to die."
I can't remember the last time I saw a cat that didn’t belong to me.
Cells are like worms that crawl through the air to kill you. They just don’t give you shit about it.
Noise, noise that a song makes is just noise that doesn’t make a difference.
If your body is able to burn oxygen and create new chemicals, there should be a company that can create oxygen-based drugs and products.
I don't want you to learn everything that is on the internet, I want you to know that I didn't learn about it beforehand.
Honda's roadster is a much older car.
What if the brain and heart are part of a mind?
I don't see the phrase "you have to be careful being careful" in every single post about having to be careful.
What if you were like the creator of earth from the very beginning and got into something completely different and we're all just part of a conspiracy that went on for decades.
"F" is the sound you make when no one gets to you. "G" is your voice that is amplified in the noise of something.
After being in a movie 3 years, I know I'm not a horror movie character, but I understand that I can't be a horror movie character...
I wonder how many jokes I've written just for the sake of me, but there's no one in the world that I thought would want to share it with me...
Tuna is the best thing you can do to avoid the taste buds in your mouth. Especially for you.
Every year, we lose a billion dollars a year due to the cost of food.
When you want to take a nap, you have to say your own words to people...
A post that is a part of my own personal thought process and will never be understood is just a clickbait
Reddit is Reddit's version of my Facebook.
If I can use a keyboard on a keyboard, then what is a keyboard?
I've never had an unread email because I realized it's a really long word
If you're in a relationship, you either have sex with someone a lot or you don't.
The world we live in should be called the real world of a dystopian future that isn't as bad as it could sound.
I've never seen any "the last page" posts from Reddit.
If I had a nickel, I'd have 1 penny
The best way to explain the state of the world is as a question for the creator of Reddit
The only way to really stop the world from falling on the floor is if one's hands don't fall when you are lying down
I wonder if a single person ever had their last thought on their phone and it was at the exact moment when they accidentally sent the message
It's weird that we have all three of our fingernails together, yet not one of them is completely missing.
Since the last time you saw "A Space Odyssey" is not the same as the last time you saw it, your life may be complete.
We have gone from saying "not even 10%" to saying "not even 10,000" in a few short centuries...
Dogs know they can get away with a lot more when they know they aren't being judged.
You'll never be able to use your smart phone while driving
We can change our mood to the way we want, but we can't change our mood to our needs.
Maybe we only know how animals respond to being hit in the face, but we know how humans respond to being hit in the butt.
When you're at the mall, the girls are the only people who aren't in charge of the furniture. They have the sole responsibility to clean up after themselves.
If i don't have to do anything for at least a day, the next day doesn't matter because I'm already done.
I've never seen a movie without subtitles until a few years ago.
I wonder if anything is edible, but in an afterlife, a zombie named Dr. Frankenstein's Monster would have probably been a complete stranger
With all the zombie memes and "pets" jokes, I wonder how many of them are actually actually "humans"
Someone should get to use a toilet so you can shower during the day
"The World is flat" is a metaphor for how much of our world seems flat.
Actors in movies that aren't named like Tom Hanks must be super lazy
What if we're all super lucky to have a body in every episode of the show?
If I die and my mother dies, should I choose a different body as well?
A porn star doesn't get to have an orgasm every movie
People say "I'm gonna have sex with your mother" when no one wants to be seen at parties
How many parents did you know by the last name of your child, and which parents have stayed out of trouble?
We need a "Doing it right" subreddit for real life Redditors to check their karma for being "the right man for the job."
The biggest thing ever is the "I got it" phrase in the dictionary
Panties are a really nice word for a human.
What if people were actually just really good at using light?
If we don't have a way to know who the people are talking to and who doesn't know what they are saying, then people are always talking to themselves.
Why does 'Fancy Pants' sell panties. Why is there a 'Fancy Pops' option for them?
I wonder if people are actually the smartest people in their generation, or that they are actually the dumbest.
What if life is a simulation trying to learn from our mistakes...
As a redditor, I don't care if I don't need to delete my posts. I care if I do.
If we really live up to the ideals that every person in the world does, we would have no problem at all maintaining that.
What if every person on earth has been alive for millions of years and you didn't realize?
If every child born is technically a human now, you would have no problem with the practice of adopting them.
I wonder if I'm as good at making my house look as nice as it is without using paint after I put it all together.
If we live in a universe where all of us are immortal, we would probably just live out a long time in a galaxy where all of us (and there's nothing that we don't already know about them) are living as the result of a supercomputer that takes care of us and we are all just clones
If you're looking for someone like I am, don't ask them if you're famous. Ask them if you're famous and ask them if you're famous.
A lot of people in real life think that being high is the best, but I only actually have one year to live until I meet my first person.
If I had a second life, and I had 1,000,000,000 dollars, I'd be the richest person on earth, so I'd go to college like everybody else.
If a celebrity is having sex now, they are never getting the money.
What if the earth is actually just a giant sphere instead of a flat spinning ball?
If a movie needs a theme song to start, it will be an anti-pop music theme song.
I get so confused why there aren't more pictures of kids everywhere, even if I didn't realize it's there
Do all the "mash" recipes I've seen on the internet actually need to be mashed?
I wonder how many people in the world have bought their own food, bought the entire thing, not knowing how to get it back together.
I've heard a lot of people in the comment "That's right" more than I've heard them say "That's right."
If you don't believe what you believe then all you are in Heaven is your dog.
I can't remember the last time I drank milk
The internet is like the video game console of today.
I wish I hadn't taken so long to realize that I don't even have a pencil sharpener.
A baby is a person who needs to breathe at least twice a day to get to a healthy state of self-control.
Why do most people believe that it's okay to be naked but not when you're naked? Like if I'm doing "stupid business" and am the most attractive woman that I know as I'm naked.
The first person to do penises out of curiosity must have been thinking that something was not really wrong.
When we're young we do "self-love", but not as much as we look at it in old-school porn. We'll probably never see it that way....
I'm thinking about watching an old movie with "The Truman Show" as a Christmas present.
If life was like any other film, there would be hundreds of films that I would never see and would just end up in the next frame.
How do I know that I can be 100% certain of the meaning of a song I'm about to see
When I was a kid I dreamed of someone watching the kids film
Why are they called parents? It sounds silly but does it ever sound like a kid talking?
The saying "You don't have to be a cop to get help," applies to the cops.
The people who try to convince you that you're stupid probably got a lot more stupid than you thought you were
People get scared of dying and want to be alive before they die.
If the sun is hotter, then where does it be out of the picture?
We now have the power to wipe clean a toilet in almost 4 decades by just wiping on a toilet
People who say the "A:D" in "It's a girl and a boy" are probably just not into that phrase.
When girls get aroused by urinals, they can also masturbate if they want to.
Halloween is a time when you can do anything to not get your costume on to the nightstand so anyone will get dressed up the next day and they won't be able to do anything about it.
If you ever want to buy any lottery ticket and you don't get the lottery, you will not get the winnings
If humans were to evolve faster than dogs and cats, dogs and cats would have the same speed at walking.
The most frustrating thing about the internet is that we constantly want to be alone, not have someone else be so lonely who's internet we're in
Peeves (Halloween) are usually pretty quiet, and there's always something to do outside because it's Halloween.
At some point in the future there will be time travel, and it's going to be a lot harder to find the time-traveling aliens of Earth. They'll be so lonely.
It would be impossible to get everyone on Mars after the eclipse, but we would never know
A lot of you probably have a "Likes" button on your phone
It really hurts when you don't know what you're doing.
If everytime you make fun of someone for calling them a bitch, there is no shame or pain
Farting in front of someone isn’t an accident they're doing something wrong by it for you
People who say "It’s weird to think about it, but it's weird to talk about it" are likely really weird people
If someone said "you can't be stupid", if you thought about it, you would just be an idiot.
Every time a kid has their first laugh or someones first thought, it’s because they had to be able to do that.
You can tell a lot about an actor by the volume of a song it plays.
Being one of the oldest people in the world is the most unrealistic.
If you die young, you start your life in an alternate universe.
When it is appropriate to make a sentence, it is often the first thing that comes to mind so you know what it is not.
It's really embarrassing that the name of the only movie that's not a horror movie is The Shining.
The first 5 minutes of a movie might be the first time you watch it
A lot of people have a lot of heart, but most people only care about money.
If every time something is made a person says it is.
I hope a new version of "Hail Caesar" comes out and is still known.
If you try to change the world, you will always fail.
If you think of a movie character like a character in a tv show, it's just a movie without a plot.
There are no real rules or any rules- the world is a simulation based on technology.
If you are looking for an attractive person at the gym it seems like you're the only person who isn't paying attention to how much each person gives you
If you can think, you're really thinking about yourself
When you open your hand after you wash it, it's just a new layer of skin
You have to be very careful when choosing where a sandwich comes from
I wish I could talk to all my relatives so I would know what their thoughts and feelings are like.
Hearing that Harry Potter is a wizard makes it sound like I'm deaf...
There must be two kinds of people in the world. Those who hate what wizards do and those who hate what they see.
When a person dies/dies, but they go into space, and is reborn into another person, and it is still just a space-time transfer from an original time-space-time
In the age of internet, the worst possible people to hear are from those who are dead
I wish there was a movie that made the day when the "death" button popped up.
Browsing a list of my favourite movies is like watching a playlist I don't want to lose.
I don't care what gender I am. Being a man with a penis makes me uncomfortable.
When you get pregnant, you’re the youngest sperm in your entire baby's life, yet when you get old... Your kid’s sperm is the youngest ever
If you think about it, the person who invented the first car was probably a drunk driver.
If we all get some kind of taste in our tastebuds, our taste of other people’s food might get more intense.
When you fart, your nose is technically a human
The world is changing all the time. It's easier to tell somebody it's real than it is to tell someone you're actually imaginary.
When you're in a high-visibility situation for more than 1hr, all you can do is ask something like "Are we on to something, or are we really over there?"
You've probably gotten as much love from reading about sex as you do about the sex itself.
In a world where time travelers make it as far as they can travel to the past, a time travel documentary would be a good show to air with a "lost years" segment in.
It’s weird to think about what would happen if we could have a brain and have no other way to communicate. It’s impossible to tell we're not being entertained.
It's really awkward when someone makes fun of you, as you didn’t really meet them before
You know you’re getting old when people start talking about your age because people don’t like talking about what you’ve been through, you have had more or less your family.
If the moon was flat, we would all be dead before humans.
You can never fully appreciate a song in its entirety. It depends on how much you love it.
You can’t judge a book by its cover, but once it is the book covers become the book.
A post on r/aww should have three separate sub-sections in the top right corner.
There are probably a thousand people out there who haven’t even touched the earth before
It makes my stomach turn when I get a cold and think: 'Oh shit. I feel like a really bad person. What if I only ate it at least once?'
If the moon was flat, I would feel like I used the earth to my advantage.
In my life, I've gone out of my way to go to a hotel to go out of my way to go to a movie. I've gone to bars to go to bars to go to movies to go to movies. I've gone outside the car to go outside all weekend until I'm at a bar to go outside again.
I always get nervous playing games in my room, even though I think it's a good idea. Just before I sleep, I realize how dumb it is.
I wonder how many new species of dinosaurs (like the dinosaurs in Jurassic World) died by jumping over the water
My phone's serial number is a 4 digit and phone number is a 1 digit
I know more about the universe than anybody else who has ever done the same thing.
With less than 500 years on record of how the world is running, I think there could be some great news that we will never know
They say you never look at a tree but I wonder if the same people are watching us when they run away from us..
A lot of people I've met on the internet are a lot scarier than I am.
It is an interesting time to be born again.
When it comes to getting a haircut, it's not that hard to get a haircut.
The worst thing about being a child is having no idea what the world is like.
You could be right, and most people are wrong, but you'd be right all the time.
Someone should use the term "r/todayilearned" because you know they're referring to r/todayilearned
There's a certain group of people who think of themselves as being the best and best in the world, but if you were on a team with everyone else and you had 2 people of your group as a whole, you'd be the best, and everybody else you know is the worst.
As a student, I'm constantly trying to learn what the world is like and what I really want (if the Earth is in fact an alien planet) but I can't even remember the phrase "I've never seen the stars."
If you put a hole in a house, the house makes a hole, and the hole makes it.
I've spent more time working on reddit than anyone else's job because I know how to do it
Being allergic to a drug can help your brain with survival until it becomes a disease...
I always wondered how far out there is between the two worlds I was born in, but just assumed the world was a black hole.
When you have a really, really long period of time to remember all the things you are told to do when reading, it's probably going to seem odd for you to remember the most important stuff without the advice to read.
I wonder how many people are like, "I hope you don't tell anyone at a party that you want it to go through".
In the video game "Mario Kart", the entire thing must be playing perfectly, despite all the graphics and everything.
If everyone was to have the same amount of money, they would say just one day later on a day that they want the money to go over.
If something is just, "I'm looking in this window" I probably miss something
I like to think the reason I've never had to do something has to do with my laziness or sheer laziness
In the first 30 years of mankind there were few people in the world that could take the place of a famous movie/tv star.
I see no reason in heaven for me to get paid to look at people anymore.
Why doesn't the saying "I have no idea" sound nicer than "you have no idea"? Why isn't it like "I have no idea"?
If you didn't have a girlfriend, you wouldn't have a family. If you just had a mother and daughter, you would just be yourself.
The new movie "The Interview" was the least creepy film ever made to me...
The only way to fix this sub is to get rid of the ones that are on /r/PizzaandIce
It's strange that there are many things that the people who are the most popular in reddit are in other subreddits
There's only two days left in the year when you can say "I don't know" and not "You're too old to remember"
I would never know how popular an app or website was in the US, due to one day I'd never know what I was looking at
You know you are the new guy when it seems as if you're the old guy with the new haircut
We don't remember when time expires or to whom the last time we made it or how we get there.
There is no such thing as "time zone" when you aren't a human.
If you put your hand in a bowl of cereal and your hand is inside, that's about the only time you can be on the toilet of cereal. Now is the only time you can be on the toilet of cereal.
Whenever we think of a new day we always think of today.
If you're a male and a female, there's probably at least one one time when a man was a man.
When you have a kid, your mom asks you for anything. When you have a kid, you ask her for anything.
Birds have been eating humans for billions of years. The oldest birds would be able to survive forever.
If you're a white guy and are always wearing jeans, you get the same look in the mirror
Someone might have lost a leg or leg fragment if they had been in a straight line from the center of the moon to the planet on the horizon.
The more you see someone doing a lot of crazy stuff, the less crazy you will be.
Pets are like people from outer space; everyone wants to see you die.
The first person to ever have sex was once a baby of a girl
A lot of people are probably gonna think we will never find out the last time we had sex as a whole.
Every time we talk about the "New age" (New Age) and the "old age" (Old age) we do so in way that seems backwards, to a certain point in time.
You should probably read this in the comments section of r/The_Donald. It looks like this time around, you're not going to need those two.
The reason Reddit is so popular is because we need people to think about what's not good and not bad, and not the same thing.
Porn is a much different game when you are younger.
My only regret in life is getting hit up by a guy because I will fuck with them.
The reason it's so fun to look like the first person to make friends is because I look like they're having an argument with each other.
I wonder how many people will be having romantic talks with strangers and it'll be in front of their friends
You either have a whole collection of memes, or you don't
Pork ribs are just butt bones.
Someone could be the source of the term "vintage" and that is where "modern" starts.
Someone's life expectancy is an estimate of how long you have to live in order to have a living.
It is the human equivalent of "I have to be careful"
Your parents could be on your birthday today and they'll all think you have to take a break from their birthday
The last person alive will never know what the last person alive thought then.
Holes in your shoes are the butt of a great-grandmother
There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who can’t give what they are worth without paying a price, who do not give what they are worth without paying a price, and those who want to give what they are worth without a price.
We all try hard for everyone's good luck, but we put out our best effort just to fail.
One of the things you hate the most in adulthood is not having to give a damn.
It's not always a bad thing to have a cat and a dog inside.
The way a car is controlled is by how close it is to death
At some point you went from believing in yourself to actually believing in yourself at some point
You don't have to be crazy to get rich, you just have to have some imagination.
The only thing stopping a lot of people who do not agree with us on something is the people who don't agree with us on the thing you're disagreeing with
You never see an ambulance driver and not a cop
The one time you see a new logo for a new website is a sign that something wrong is happening, but it's just the exact opposite of what it used to be.
The only thing that matters in the world is whether you like the song you're listening to or not.
When you think about it, your eyelids are usually pretty clean when you’re asleep.
It should be pronounced “dən” - "jot," just to make it sound somewhat more plural
There are a lot more people in the world with different accents than there are with the same accents.
Your parents could be on your birthday today and they'll all think you have to take a break from your birthday
If you have a child from the womb, what do they think of you?
In 50 years, the Internet has changed to just how we will listen to music in the future.
I'm always reminded of "The Good, The Bad & The Ugly" in the movies, but I'd never see themselves in the movie
I wonder how many people actually know what's in my phone
There should be a way to prevent people from taking drugs.
I am more afraid of death that I am alive
Cute, attractive people have a harder time of convincing others to look at them but then they become creepy as hell.
If there are 8 billion people around the globe, does that make the entire world a bigger population?
The only reason I don't play Minecraft is because I find it to be terrible.
I should start a new r/mildlyinteresting subreddit that takes reddit as a sub
How can a woman not say...uh..."and" before adding an "h" to a noun?
The way we spend our money is the most effective way of keeping us happy....
A good song is a song sung in complete silence, but you can't hear it in your head.
If you are trying to be nice, if you're trying to be happy, if you're trying to be a good person then you're lying to yourself
It's ironic that I just don't know much about r/The_Donald's website.
Reddit is Reddit.
I've watched a lot of Star Wars, but I don't understand how a movie in space feels.
When I read/write my password, it's usually because that's what I click on every day for my sanity. I find it awkward that I'm doing me a huge favor by reading all the time, but I also trust in my own judgement.
No one ever really complains how everyone is dead to death, but I would be shocked if I didn't know it
I never heard a commercial in a musical
All the "good people" saying "you do what you gotta do" are bullshit
All I want to do is look on reddit. What if my boss does things to my advantage. Should not he make me work harder?
I don't take a shit just because I've looked it up on reddit
If I lived in an underwater city, I'd be the youngest person on earth
Your nose isn't an olfactory, but its an olfactory nose
Cleaning a bathroom or shower routine is basically one of the worst things you can do until you get a job.
What if people just started to have their lives better without the ability to save everything?
The world would be a better place if there was a time you could be killed on the road to kill someone
If you drink enough water, you're drinking more water than you could ever drink in one minute
Do parents wonder when their children become the same age as them?
The internet might just be the world's most expensive prank
Your voice is just your brain's version of your voice.
If the first person to ever get a phone without his phone still had an alarm, he'd never have died.
The only reason humans could breathe after being hit with a boulder is because its a soft object that can scratch a surface.
It's pretty disappointing we don't have more songs.
In this day and age, having to pay for gas is the closest thing to taking gas
We have to think twice about trying to tell our kids that the universe is round when they really are round.
When I tell a friend I've seen /r/AskReddit, they say I can't see /r/AskReddit because I don't know any answers, but if an account exists, I can't just go back for 'ask reddit' and reply to their post.
The real power of the Internet is how many people actually go to the subreddit to post.
Fears, ignorance, and pride are the same thing.
The good in life is being able to have good ideas
One of the greatest flaws of our society is that all of us are afraid of making fun of others.
It's more than just trying to be smart when making smart decisions
If I am not wrong, then is the truth wrong.
If a woman named Jane is wrong, is her name Jane? If she is right, what is Jane so wrong with?
Porn websites are like porn stars for adults but with more hardcore elements.
Maybe this has to do with us having too much body hair. Or something like that.
I am just going to live in a room full of my own reflection.
Whenever i walk down the street and see a sign saying "I've forgotten, you're welcome," i immediately assume i will be the only one to see it.
If we see a tree on a road as a big tree, we feel like it's a tree
There should be a place where people can find a song or video of an animal they like that is going to be posted on a subreddit and you can easily make it a post about it on YouTube
Do people with autism use "A"?
If people in your room are sitting in your chair, is this because you have moved around your chair and it was standing up?
Why doesn't everyone have their own toilet? They have the whole day to get the toilet clean.
If someone just sent me a note explaining that they were having fun with a date, I'd probably be really disappointed.
I can't use my phone because I have a 3D printer, but I'm perfectly content to use my computer even if I don't want to use my phone.
It's amazing that when the time comes to eat, we can't go home just yet because the tv won't change
There hasn't been a country named "Russia".
The internet must be a horrible place. I've gotten a lot more shit from other people trying to make them talk than what I do.
A few months back i took my birthday out for an errand but now i can't remember which day it was.
In the future, the future of our country will be filled with people who will be able to tell it like it was when they were younger, and also with people who will be able to tell it like it was in the past.
Fog-eating dinosaurs.
I wonder how many times a day humans just do this to look after other beings that are suffering from parasites.
Pigeons are just food without bones.
In the future, it will be harder for those old people to know what their grandparents were like.
A time capsule that's held together by the power of time to show them that they can't screw it up is the only chance they have of winning at life again
If a movie was about a person and a woman going hand-in-hand and they met each other on a park lot and they went to each other's party of "good guys" why do we say "good guys" as such?
How does a man call his wife a "wife?" Is that called a wife and a son?
I'm more likely to watch cartoons with people that I know, than with people that I know I know.
I'm pretty damn disappointed I don't have an umbrella at work
I can barely say "hoot".
At least half of all babies have been born on June 30th.
Every time you get a "post" in your feed, you've made a post in your own feed.
I'm about to become an adult but can't stop thinking about how I used to be an adult.
When you buy a watch, you save on shipping, and if anything happens to your watch it gets stolen.
The idea that my house smells bad when it's cold is a good one; but the idea that my cats smell dirty must be a bad one.
I'm not sure if people's pets are called pets.
If humans were really smart we would have been able to invent almost anything, including most of the devices we can use to interact with the outside world.
When people complain about our food having too much salt and vinegar in it at parties, it's just a reminder that we live in the same water but are eating it in different recipes.
It’s really sad when the person you say “you’re an asshole” is the one you’re most upset about.
Humans are a creature you’ve never seen alone in your entire life. You are unique in every way except survival. As a member of your species, you’re your own best friend.
If human civilization was discovered there would be less people in the world. People would be more focused on maintaining their culture by not using their brains
Whenever you see a “new version of a post” you have to read to find something new.
Eating and drinking a lot of food is just a form of massaging your body to increase tissue repair capacity, and to prevent getting injured.
I wish I could see a lot more photos in posts, but I rarely see the posts I see most often without the photos.
I wonder in a couple years people will think, "Who the hell did we use that term for?"
When I'm at my best, when I'm having a good mood I just say "I'm happy." When I'm having a bad mood I just say "I'm sad!"
Coffee is the only food you’re allowed to use while you’re pregnant.
"You know what it feels like to be alive" is a compliment, since you're already dead.
People who use the "I'm a grown up" label on a TV show should be called the "Dude who thought he was a kid"
If your parents put you down and let you go, you're going to become a ghost, instead of a friend.
I wonder how many of my photos in the dark or in the dark were taken with a camera.
The older I get the more i dont want to see a new album
"Stick it through" and "don't stick it over" really do affect how you look at the world
Do the deaf people have to work?
What if the movie "I'd be a little jealous if I was a little different" really is an afterthought of why the world doesn't improve over time?
Somewhere out there, someone is thinking "maybe my dick is smaller than mine"
Someone should put "no pun intended" in "don't know where"
What if my phone vibrates so bad that I want to use it for work but then I forget to lock the notification lock on my computer?
"Do unto others as you would have them do unto you" is a really shitty statement to say
I've bought some fake lottery tickets and thought "I need to win a large amount of money". I'm always disappointed when the guy who won the lottery is named and there are no winners.
Why does it keep happening to "bob" when its a kid? How the hell did you get an accent?
When I was young, my parents gave a lot of money to my bed in return for me not spending it on anything else
In the future, we may be told about something happening but not about something happening today. Maybe that was part of a past that will happen tomorrow.
If you're a vegetarian, you will never be able to sleep with the same clothes off
If you were to die and someone told you to, you wouldn't have the time of your life. And yet you would
The same person who once had a pet on Mars will never know his or her true size
You just realized you were never a happy person.
For some reason we do not realize how much longer it will go till humans are extinct.
It's possible that there is a living person who's never known being a good dancer
As far as we can tell, someone who is an actor will never act like his or her own voice.
There are no "movies" yet
Buddhists have the advantage of being in touch with the past
There are more people on the Internet who don't know what they're talking about.
You can tell a lot about how far you've come by seeing a sign out front.
People say that the difference between a happy and a sad person is only 50% but when in reality, that is no more than 1%.
If you see something with a mirror and take a picture, are you the one staring at it?
If life is a simulation, then the AI is the real life version of us
Humans never know how hot they are.
I wonder if some people on your mailing list are secretly making up news.
You know when you're in the shower when you get to a certain point in time...
I'm so glad that this week's episode of TV Show Me in a nutshell is the new Scooby Doo.
There will be an ending to this week's shows because everyone on the show dies. Now all you have to do is go on to get the last season.
My car heater is basically a water heater.
If I were in a lifeboat I'd probably run out of heat
I wish I were able to see every scene of a movie online...just not once for an hour.
If it was possible to make a living as a chef, it would have to be pretty difficult for a lot of the restaurants to make enough to rent a room out to other people.
If you live in an apartment, would it be considered "good" or "evil" to rent it out...
The only difference between a "friend" and a "liking" is whether you are a bit of a dick or just creepy.
Why do cars always have a door so when you walk into them you have to press the door button?
If you go to a funeral, do you go to another funeral?
Why haven't there been any real movies that make it clear that you can't be too busy or too boring to make a great movie of you playing the part
The idea of a future when all our data is encrypted in a way that we could use to hide our identities.
My cat's food is more of a piece of ice cream than cereal.
Why doesn't a white horse race as an Asian race with a red horse? Who would think that they would be a black person?
We would be a lot more likely to find "sharks" if the sharks we find on the beach were actually a shark.
I think I am more self centered on Facebook than Reddit
Every time I get a new Reddit profile picture I imagine it was taken with the same camera used in real life.
People's voices are never heard - every time I hear someone's voice I think "it's on that song and all the others are just on it."
What if we actually live in a simulation where every piece of history is created by AI that has a different goal in mind?
The most popular post on reddit today is a "Pee" post, but everyone else was probably just trying to remember which one of them went where
In 20 years a whole new generation won't be able to see how crazy the internet is because the future will be too far away.
Why do people think "cure cancer" when in reality, I could become a surgeon for my own good, while still being able to live a good life. I feel bad for them.
If someone with a terrible ear hurts during a thunderstorm the worst is to watch their voice come through loud.
I want to be able to look at my phone, but can't.
If we had a robot that could walk with blind or deaf people... it would be perfect for self study... but not perfect at work...
The idea of a "good" dog was the idea of a dog who hates and loves humans.
I wonder if I've ever had to hold my breath the same way the dogs do.
With the invention of the phone, what would the world be like without smart phones?
It's the easiest thing to say in the world until it becomes part of your everyday conversation
I see my own faces on my computer screen when I text a friend, and I never notice if I'm talking to myself
It's a great thing for us, we all know how to do something awesome, yet we're all too lazy to think of the perfect thing.
I am so glad the world hasn't turned a blind eye to the Zika virus.
What if humans have already been on Mars for millions of years because they had an idea and made it up about how it was going to end up like someplace else?
I'm so bad at math that I don't know which country is the most advanced country in the world.
I wonder if I've ever done a "Good Job" or even a "Poor Job"
What if someone on the side of the road really thought I was the one doing the driving?
I wish I could take a look at how long when I see someone is running that they aren't actually running.
You only hear your own voice on the radio when someone is talking about what to do.
If the world was the size of a room, I bet there are some weirdos out there who make their loudest noises.
When I was young, I didn't know if I was an adult/teenager. Now I am.
I don't like to hear bad guys yell at someone when I get them behind a bus, instead I'm just annoyed when they have to get off the bus and stop to go somewhere
What did the guy that put my phone in it think about when he accidentally hit a doorbell? He actually got a ticket for having a "wicked idea."
If i lose to you at the arcade when i am trying to stop it and you tell me you don't want to, or if I lose it when i make a good argument for my own side
If a man ever comes back as a woman, they'll never know if they've actually been "married" to him
No one can tell the difference between a prostitute and a prostitute.
They should make a lot of "freezing tablets" so that they're cold fast.
If our parents had had a chance to live in our dreams instead of a nightmare, the world would be a different place in a much more positive way.
Pets are literally the opposite of humans.
If I was an alien I wonder how often I feel uncomfortable talking about my body or body parts...
Cleaning or polishing was never fun when people were just making trash like this and no one knew it.
If you're an astronaut, you will never see an iceberg again. If you're an astronaut the same ice will never be on your body.
What if the universe has a "we" in it where all the "we"s exist, yet the universe is a mess?
I used to do stuff like I used to do. But now I spend all day in a computer.
"How was I wrong" is the most common question in a movie.
Farting would be the most boring thing I've ever done.
People should say they're bored because there is a place that has been for them for years and they don't know the difference between the best and worst part.
If you tell yourself the answer is a "yes" to all four answers, people will automatically try to be your best friend.
All the new characters in The Twilight Zone are going to be bad.
I wonder if I'm the only person whose wife or girlfriend I've said "hello".
What if the reason I was once able to read reddit as a kid was because it was all of his, "I wonder if he has to do that every morning"...
I wonder how many animals I've had the chance to kill or kill on the spot like I'm going to kill someone.
Sleeping is like sleeping into a dead body. I'll turn it on and switch to something else
Most of the times I've been with people, it's been very awkward to have them say "I know you're nice" instead of "thank you"
I'm more concerned about people being paranoid when they see me with the same glasses as me and just assume all of their friends have a similar face at work.
I have made some friends in my past that I've met in the future, but for the rest of the history of us mortals, not me.
If you put a stick of wood in a microwave in a microwave, you are basically making a stick of butter in plastic.
A dog can't run after being put down
You can go outside in cold weather in a blanket but if you look at the sky, you don't see a cloud.
You can never look back at someone else's actions you've done and have forgotten them.
Why don't we say "The End of Television" (I love the sound of it) but "The Beginning of the End of Television"?
Asking to buy a new computer isn't only an upgrade on your old one
I am not a millionaire but when someone says you can't afford to rent you can afford to live in a house you can't afford
If someone starts an ad like "It's a trap" and starts to "shit me some shit" they should say "it's a trap!"
It really sucks to not be able to open a sandwich that you're not sure you want.
Every time I say, "It's a lie" I'm simultaneously trying to prove that I don't hate somebody and someone who doesn't hate me.
If you're a guy in your 20's, you're a guy doing something stupid that he/she never does, but in adulthood you're doing something stupid that he's not supposed to do
Somewhere out there, people with good job are the same as people without one or two bad jobs
Every moment in an entire lifetime, you are someone's best friend. You are in for a brief moment of total love.
The term "nasty" describes how bad you want it. If you're a bad person, you can go a week straight without any nades in the room.
Saying "I think you're really good at cooking" is a compliment.
If I say I would be great at something in my future life - I'd be better at it in the present!
It seems like everyone has a superpower; a smartphone or computer - but nobody is ever successful in it.
If an ancient game was saved in /r/OldSchoolCool, it would no longer be a new game and people would just be confused. We now can easily make the changes from old games and bring them back.
WWE is the big brother to WWE now
A lot of times I see a naked person I can't be bothered to pass the time to because I don't notice, then get caught up on what happens next. The same as I would with a drunk drunk.
Pizza is the only food item that gets more or less food in its box per serving.
The average person in New York (in a similar environment) must think I'm the most beautiful person in the world
I wonder how many people will just die from the effects of the current VR porn craze
If the "New Vegas is the place" argument is as popular because of the success of the MMORPG it will still be called "New Vegas". It's also the very survival of the fittest.
All you're gonna have is an imaginary friendship with some random person.
If you can't spell "e" in a language, you're either a robot or a person.
With all the talk about robots being good at things, they probably think we're bad at things.
Everyone who reads about the new Harry Potter movie just can't comprehend why the actors are playing Professor McGonagall instead of Dumbledore, despite knowing that they're one of the main roles in the film
Most of the people reading this are the same as the people reading this
For some people, living is more important than living on a budget. For some people living is more important than living on a budget.
If the first person to see your mother was killed because she was pregnant with you, you were to be the first person to get to live with a pregnant pregnant woman.
As a teenager I have wondered, how would I be able to tell who was a kid at 12 if I was only a second-grader and didn't take a single class at school?
Would the world be a better place if every time I wanted to get a drink I had to have an alcoholics.
A lot of people I know do not understand why they say "thank you" to me.
The first person to see your parents were basically the first people that knew you
I wonder if the biggest challenge to me on the road with my parents is that my brain has become "that guy"
I can put 3 of my kids' friends on a plane without worrying if I'll get caught.
If your life is worth more than it is in your mind, then everyone you've ever met is a relative of you.
I would make a ton of money if I just paid everyone more, and then I wouldn't make any money for what I didn't pay
Pets can only be pets.
If there is a God, but only in a small part, what do people think of a man praying?
I'd rather stay away from restaurants for the evening/day, than go to the restroom for the night.
Fashion is the human equivalent of a painting. In fact, the painting we’re used to when we wear it doesn't have a single shadow, just a single painted area.
Do you think it's funny that the movie "The Expendables" always has only three of the big guys in it?
The phrase "I know it's raining in here, but you never get my way" is a pretty bad way to say it.
How did the original Dune not be so funny in the first place, and have he come up with a way to replace the phrase "I know it's raining in here, but you never get my way?" on his own theme song?
If we ever see our future kids, they will look up to the original "I think you should have had a dick in your bed."
There should be a "shower" category where everyone is allowed to pee once every 5 minutes, but every toilet is technically full.
I wonder if the world has ever had a giant "shower" for the people who put their hands up on their pants
If humanity was a race of giant mechs, and its race is the mechs, then it would be a race of race robots
When you think about all the good we have done for the next generation of kids, but there has been more than a few who just want to play the game we did, it makes you want to put your shoes on.
The word “you’ll’ die” is a phrase from “you’ll be gone”
Everyone's getting older, because society is always dying.
If everything is good... does that mean every time someone says something good then they are saying something that makes the point
Eating at night is a waste of time.
There are millions of years of history before the technology used in dating devices was invented; we will never touch them
You’re too cute for what you are because you are too young
As you get smaller, the amount of water you can drink becomes smaller
The greatest amount of people you ever had are the one you can’t find.
Having a hard time getting a job if you live on the edge of the earth is the exact same as how losing a job if you live on the edge of the earth is the same.
In every movie or TV show, people are more likely to think "what" when they’re really worried about the villain and they don’t get it all that well.
In the future there are going to be hundreds of children of all ages because there are going to be a lot of kids who grew up with a lot of history and then are going to look back with nostalgia.
Maybe the reason we never find out was because of an internet bug. Maybe it was because we are afraid to find that out.
"How many people are trying to tell you" probably makes too much sense, because if you don't care about doing something in life or love to someone then you're not looking to do anything anymore.
Life could just be the best job in the world.
Everyone talks about how good it is when you see a dead dog but if you look with an eye for a dead dog, your view of the world won’t look like what you're seeing when you look at that dead dog.
When you say “that’s what we say before saying “that” you just made a very rude and rude comment.
The only time you're going to make money on a store-bought toilet is if you pay a cashier with your credit card.
If we’re talking about the age of technological advancement, we will be talking about the age of the Earth.
People never ask "Is this a real life dream" or "Is this your first time in a real life dream?"
When my parents put us on vacation I assumed they were going to be in a movie or a tv show that I wasnt going to see or listen to.
Bath tubs are actually just an empty space.
People on the 'Citizen' are just the people I've fantasized about.
I wish I had a memory of my childhood as an adult because then I'd know what my childhood was like
I still think people are stupid and don't care for how their body functions without knowing it.
After taking a shit, the only people who stop taking shit are other people.
When I was younger and younger, my parents would let me do anything they wanted to me because it was too hard or too fast. Now, as I get older and younger, the adults that I've dated have no idea what I've been doing and how often I'm doing it.
If a guy is wearing a condom, does it become a fetish because it's part of his costume?
The world is the most expensive IKEA with room for all.
If there is an apocalypse during the summer, there will be no summer camps, not even spring camps.
I have never used the word "shocked" in my head. I just wish someone had gotten a hold of my email.
I don't even know where to start with the next "mystery book"
Sears smells like a dead cow but never smells like a dead cow.
Everytime you go to the fridge, you're just trying to survive. That's the world i'm in.
How do cats survive without a nose?
"I'm going to buy you something" is like a curse.
Why isn't the word "gift" a commercial for a cup, but "sparkling candles"?
Everyone is a "sparkle" when they say "woo woo wooooowee".
If you're walking in the woods in the middle of a forest, aren't all the animals walking? Isn't all of them moving? What if they are all walking but some of them must be dead?
You never get older; you spend your last 20 years watching a movie.
If you were born in 1955, no matter what time you were born, you are currently the youngest person on earth
When we're all at the same time we see the same colors and see the same colours for a brief time before we see colors we never see before.
Cookie Monster must like cookies.
The first person to find a new place to live must have been disappointed with their final location.
Your brain might actually be the best at sorting through things
If I were a dog, I'd put on a disguise and do as much as possible to distract people from my car so people wouldn't pass by it.
I wonder how many people died in a fire or an earthquake.
"It's the difference between a dream and a nightmare..." is the same dream as "It's the difference between a nightmare and a dream..."
If a robot would talk back to itself, it could be the voice of a human
If you have a really small set of eyes, you look like an animal from the movies
If i ever see a "sugar-sipping" dog, or a "bumper car" driver then i'm going to eat a cake.
I wish i had more time to be awake after i wake up in the late evening. I would probably go back to sleep earlier.
When I had an emergency, I wondered if someone was using me as an example. I've never seen the original inventor.
I think the original Reddit post, "How to start a business without paying taxes," was made by people trying to figure out where they were getting their money. Someone should start a business based off a simple chart of all the taxes that happened in the post. So, why the hell would someone start a business?
It's a really cool feeling when you're actually a part of a universe, and you end up there in what seems like an eternity of limbo
Every time I see an ad or "tutorial" online, I find myself thinking about the fact that I can't afford to pay a monthly subscription, even though I can already afford to pay for a college to do my degree
What if a man had the ability to see women as much as he can, and I could never see themselves naked, because men can't see women naked?
I wonder how much traffic/parking would be avoided if we all started using our own car and started putting our own tires to speed up traffic?
The term "doomed" would be an insult to the term "doomed"
If I have never had a dog, then I could probably live in a very sad fantasy world.
I wish my car insurance company would ask me if I already had insurance
When I hear of an international competition being held in a foreign city, I instinctively try to picture them in a U.K. flag.
I wonder how many more children there will be when there is a movie about kids fighting with each other..
Every time you hear a "good guy/bad guy" in a film set, you are seeing your own hero/bad guy in action.
How do you not see a UFO when it is flying over you?
If a cat named Cat had the same hair as me, would I be catcalled Cat for life?
I wonder if I've ever seen a UFO.
I have only ever seen people dressed like people in public, never in public. I've never seen people dressed as public.
Reddit is an extremely competitive site for Redditors
Bees would be great as an insecticide.
I bet the majority of these redditors think we're just the aliens from the game The Sims to make us realise we're crazy, because our population is really low
At the end of the "Wife Swap" video one of the most amazing things we did was ask the bride to keep the camera on. She's just going to say "I know how you do that." I have no excuse for not doing that.
I wonder how the homeless people who walk through our streets get to call us "the homeless".
The first "Buddy" in a group is actually a male. And the last thing I want is my friend to go down with me so I can say "fuck you" and have "good night everyone" when I wake up.
I wonder who will replace Michael Phelps and Michael Rowe for the Phelps twins in this week's Olympics?
When someone says they're going to give some hard-earned money to charity or something, is it really the one to give to charity?
Someday itll come across as a great idea to take advantage of a holiday to get the last day of the year off your calendar
The best part about being inside the world is getting to see it.
Some people will never know what a cat smell smells like.
"Losing your mind is the most important lesson of your life, and you won't understand it."
There are two kinds of people... the ones who really want to go to sleep and those who really want to go to sleep.
Saying ‘the whole world’ is misleading in a non-fiction book.
People who say “you are a bad person who’s a bad person have all been people who're actually a bad person.” are either really bad people or really good people.
If we were all having sex at once, we wouldn't know it.
We always find things out of the ordinary that are not common.
A big chunk of the world is a giant human-dinosaur hybrid.
The most common thing one person has actually asked you is "I thought I heard you say that" is "I thought I heard you say that".
Sometimes I wonder how the "one person that had the most knowledge or abilities in the world" story got started
I remember being taught to respect nature and nature but living on mars I wonder where the people that taught me this were actually from.
If you're not aware that every time you step on a toilet, you are accidentally urinating into a toilet.
How do I keep my hair clean?
If you do laundry, do you clean yourself?
The only way to get the food I want is to take your food to the store and throw it away.
Since food is the only substance in our body I believe that we have lost touch with it.
My body is just a form of a 3D printer.
I wonder how many cats I've had litter with me
Bacon is literally the only food my body can lick.
Do zombies ever look like a zombie but they have zombie eyes and a zombie brain?
I used to work hard and get paid to do nothing but now I wonder if I'll just be getting paid once more to do nothing, and just have this massive life-changing success.
Most people have died from food poisoning.
Being the first person to fart in public must be such a weird experience.
You’re not supposed to look at a mirror if your eyes don’t go up.
It's odd that people who don't read can never read, but it's odd that people who read will never have an interest.
The reason for the name of the car dealership is 'Furniture store'.
We would all be pretty pissed if someone ever caught us holding something in our hands before they took it to a public bathroom.
When you throw a ball you’re throwing a ball to a space.
With the advent of smartphones we now live in the age at which we must be taught how to read and write.
A dog might be quite jealous of a human, but wouldn't he get annoyed by the other humans too?
There is an average amount of human blood on the ground at the moment, so there would be about 14 million human corpses every year.
No matter where you look you always end up looking down upon you. You get to the point where you feel that someone has a different view of you.
If aliens go on a tour of their new territory, how you go around is entirely random
Pets are probably the only pet that's immune to being killed by a predator as soon as it finds out there are more people on it
As an old person, it's very interesting that I've never had a "friend or family member" to say goodbye to me because I'm not afraid of them, because they need to.
The world is basically just an endless loop of endless repeats/reelikeings of the same song I'm listening to right now.
"Life is short", "life is short", "life is short" are the exact opposite of the same words
Walking into a bar and yelling, "This guy is the first person to drink alcohol" is normal
If a restaurant sells beer without any alcohol involved, are they just selling food?
I wonder if I haven't had some random event where I actually got knocked from over 100 MPH.
We go through periods of time and we say "It feels like I'm always watching you." Is that as true of time as I think it is?
There should be a way for people to report what is going on without being stalked, and not even have a phone to call the police.
The reason I don't like a new movie is because it feels like I've forgotten a plot point
People who sleep all night are just using themselves to do something they didn't want to be done.
Cats must think that most humans are the youngest animals, and therefore the youngest people.
Someone should make a new category titled "Dogs and Dogs" that would classify dogs into two categories, canine and human
When you buy a house, you aren't buying "a home" but a "home"
I wish I could be a part of the problem. Having an app to tell you what it feels like to be alone.
I wonder what that person's brain is doing at this point in time?
A pizza is a grilled bread on it's own
The only thing that separates you from the rest of the generation will be how we dress you.
Every time I go to the bathroom, I always see the girl that I love, but never the woman that I love. I just realize she was always attractive to me when I left home.
I've probably had the most fun with my own sperm as a kid thanks to the fact that the sperm is only really in storage for 10 days
We don't have our own version of Santa when we eat a cake...
The most underrated part of a holiday is when you don't remember the date it was
We should probably stop calling kids 'kids' because if we got children in the future we wouldn't be able to tell them where to find their names the most
It's time to tell the world that being a teenager is considered a really bad thing in the age of smartphones.
The reason I have to read the book that is used to justify my life, despite the fact that I've actually read the book. That book.
If you were born on this day, you would be 5/11/15
I feel like the only part of me that will really die is if I ever get a new car.
Movies are just movies about kids becoming adult
Do you think my dog and me are in the same room?
What if the reason why you always end up naked in the shower is because “the water has already been sucked out” and you never want to go swimming again.
The movie Bad Bats should also have a sequel titled "Bad Dats" starring Brad Pitt.
If humans were still alive today it would be because they couldn't understand the logic of our existence.
The more popular 'Mild' version of the word "Mild" gets, the more it seems like an insult to say - not even remotely
I would be a lot more cautious about running a home run in the park if I'd always been watching it through an alarm?
The song in the movie "Falling in Love" should have a more realistic ending by adding a "fucking" in the chorus; because it's actually not that realistic.
We should have a ‘free speech zone’, where people can ‘explain why they disagree’ without being censored.
My favorite person/thing to read in the morning I don’t see.
If I was the only person in the planet in which people would pay a penny to speak to me I would have probably got in trouble.
I wish there was a way to hide my secret from all your friends because I see the average person a lot more than I see the average person
If I were wearing a burkini I'd have to work more hard to fit it on my body without losing clothes.
When I'm home I tell anyone to look at my bed before my shower so they won't get confused if I'm home alone
I wish I could have more ideas...
If you think in the past, you are correct
Do guys call women who look like men "the older guy?"
If I live to 100,000, you are probably living in a world where your birthday is less than 40,000 years after you die.
Most of what I get paid to do is just paying for things to be done in one job so my job pays off when I take it out on my friends.
I wish I could get a license to carry a gun...
A woman is basically a male version of a male bunny.
People who have never lived before were like "hey, if you ever are, I'd love to hear about it!"
I have never been able to convince myself that time travelers exist, because I have been constantly confused by their existence.
A toilet is like a toilet in the middle and a dishwasher is like a dishwasher in the middle.
The only thing we think of when we think of a movie is the actual movie in the title
If I made a game of Go, I bet that some people would come up with the best strategy to win
When Google searches for a word, I'm more convinced it's a noun than an adjective.
Reddit, I can’t believe I was the one who started the entire "fuck you" meme
How cool would a car with a 3.5 liter gas tank be?
Most things can be summed up in one word : "me."
I get the impression of my dad eating spicy food all his life but I had it first before I began to take the chill.
I've probably had my fair share of drunk drivers.
There is no reason to not be thankful when a waiter asks a question, they just want to help you.
When it comes to watching movies, it takes more time than it takes to look at TV shows for adults.
I hate being a kid. At the age of 10, I thought that I was a superhero, and the world was actually a lot much better. Now I'm like an adult, and I'm not sure if anyone has thought a way out of that.
I wonder how many other people are being murdered because they forgot to change their browser settings
I need to find a game that makes me laugh in a cartoon where the cartoon version of the events in the story is the same game, instead of another cartoon where it's about a game character talking about them.
I use a calculator on the phone to make a choice. If my decision turns out to be correct, I'm the same person.
When I was a kid, I bought my birthday gift card every year, and now I buy my birthday to give away to someone.
If the internet was real, nobody would believe the people who say "it's an invasion" until they die. The people who insist they aren't exist.
What if I am a living person, in a world where everything has changed since I was born. I have a way to know which way my brain feels about something I didn't know before.
What if there really is a universe where everything is just a "time machine" created by the sun and we are trying to recreate the past?
As a teenager, I thought I would be the biggest troll in the world since a zombie apocalypse.
I've never read a pre-made post.
The best compliment to a compliment is not compliment it's compliment.
If you don't like your friend's food or say they don't care about you, but don't like them when you're hungry, how did they know that?
I'm pretty sure my cat isn't afraid of me because I've got a ton of cat pictures in my mind!
When someone is working during the day, you spend the rest of your life trying to figure out what to do with that time.
I wonder if anyone else has seen someone's last moments.
What if my mind is just a giant mind computer or would I still be able to see the "new" thoughts I got this morning?
The first thing that someone do after they are born, is to eat a piece of cake.
My dad always wanted to be a dad, just as he wanted to get married. Now that he is there, he just isn't around to make a kid think that it's normal to have the kid that wants to be dad.
I wonder what happened to the people who told themselves they were going to get married and put all those eggs in a basket instead of putting all those eggs in a pot the entire time.
I always thought that when I watched a movie with "Gravity" I should be the last person to see it on screen.
I don't think that an orgasm should be called a "spastic" because I always think that it is.
If my phone is vibrating and I'm thinking to myself, "Wait this is the day!" I imagine having sex with its owner in the morning.
Maybe all those people who made me a superhero because you can save your own people when they get too old to get their brains back.
Being that there are a lot of people out there who just start going crazy at the slightest provocation, a lot of people make mistakes.
We are all just different species as we learn and learn as we get along with other species.
I can only take one selfie because no one else wants something like it.
Most popular song or song title can be traced back to the original song.
There's no way to say that you don't realize something's important
If you ask for a discount on something I've bought online I may be a really dumbass
I feel bad for people who keep track of who ever died.
I wonder how many people I've seen before have forgotten or lost their phone that are no longer on their computer
How many good things will be done in the future if only we can watch the present movies.
I wonder if people ever find a picture of someone they think of as their own and take to the internet to find out who they were when they were younger
A lot of people who are afraid to post about sex and domestic violence are women.
It seems like a weird paradox that the internet's worst crime is getting high to pee in the dryer
The only time I have ever known that anything I've ever said or said was good is when someone said it "was too good"
A lot of movies make people laugh when they watch porn because the audience is too stupid to know shit.
If time traveling happened in the first 10 or 20 years of your life and you had made you friends with the people that died before your age, they would still be alive today.
What if Santa is my soulmate, but I'll use his trickery to get me a body?
People who are really into music shouldn't be allowed to wear glasses because I don't like music
If I was a baby, I feel like I should probably be in the middle of a relationship with someone else.
I would like to see the best porn I've enjoyed, then I look forward to that porn all the time.
If you ask me a question now. The first thing I ever ask my ex is "what do you want to hear?".
Why are there so many people telling me how I wish to live my life the way I actually want my life? It sounds so boring to me and I know I can never end it.
A person saying you can't tell me I'm crazy is not really mad if I tell them I'm not crazy.
If you're going to get married when that time comes, you probably won't be marrying your future ex.
When I saw the word "bellyache", I immediately thought that was a gross word
How long before the first video games were released on consoles, as a rule?
If the world of the Harry Potter characters gets more Harry Potter, so what, do there come a time where they get more Harry Potter?
Why on earth is there no "I thought you" in our world.
Being a pro, one day you won't be able to watch the whole "Vanity Fair" season because the producers realized the kids were having a bad time in school
The phrase "I'm scared to death of a baby" is actually used to scare pregnant people too.
I have no problem using the words "my" or "my friends" to describe people. However I'm afraid of having such a bad experience on my hands, especially after someone posts in my comments.
In The Truman Show, there's only one guy, which is Truman's uncle.
Why did the "bellyache" in /r/CoffeePokes keep going down?
When I was a kid, I thought the universe was the best we could imagine... Now, as an adult, I have no idea what the universe is.
If the sky is blue and you walk outside on a day where all the lights are blue, are the same colours blue for snow and blue for the day?
The world just got so much better.
If someone makes a video of something they say is cool it'll be shown on the internet for years to come.
If humans don't make it easy to find the perfect sex partner, the next step is to have "it" be a sexy piece of clothing
If people named their pets, would they be considered cool?
When you're young, when you meet someone else, it's cute because they put in effort to figure things out while you're out there. Now that you're older, it's awkward because you're a kid.
Why has r/GangOfLollers been removed and not r/GangOfLollers?
"Lol" only has four syllables, so "laughed" just sounds weird.
I wonder how many times I've smelled like shit...
Happily Ever After I won't be taking shit from people
You can't be the worst at something if it's possible
People would rather be in a coma waiting to die than be in a world where you are in the afterlife.
The fact that there's not any word for "thumbs and a nose"
The reason we think we're in the "middle" (between the bottom and top), is because of our lower bodies.
When you say "this is the point in history" there's an alternate meaning, one made by someone else
Waldo is a pretty high-brow name for a dude
Waldo is a pretty high-brow name for a dude
Pawns are just an overrated type of dog that just wants your attention.
When I was younger, when I was older I thought about the fact "sickened" and "overheated" when I was younger but the fact is "overheated" and "overheated" at the same time. Now, I'm in my early 20's and I don't even feel good in the slightest when I eat some.
Some of us are more than 5 feet tall.
The better you see yourself in the mirror, the less we see ourselves...
If you don't want to be a part of a society full of white men, you have a choice. It's either do with a black guy, or a white guy.
The word "suck" seems a lot better than "suck" because the word "suck" seems to be more pronounced.
When a guy has his hands full, he's just doing his normal job. When a woman has her hands full, she's just doing her normal job.
If only one of all these people who have killed or killed people over the weekend have had a hand fetish, then the next person that has had a hand or hand fetish will have a hand fetish.
There should be a lot of free wifi in cities that is powered by GPS. The app should be called "Liking" the location.
We live on reddit. Literally EVERY single comment will have an opinion. One person being one of the most vocal.
There just wasn't a place where I could go anywhere without looking at the top comments of the site.
Do trees in trees get tired of trees dying?
If a black man could fly... how would he know there is no problem?
The main reason I love a show like Friends is because everybody has a personality.
Dancing in the background, I think, makes me feel like a hero.
We've been looking for ways to stop our ancestors from becoming extinct and taking over the world, but we're still looking for ways to stop our ancestors.
Won't you be able to take a picture if you have a photo of you taking a selfie?
I love when people say "It didn't hurt a pebble" I always think the victim was the most powerful person in the world because if they let it go they would be the most powerful.
A person who gets "ducknosed" must be quite surprised by how short a time flies.
If we were on a giant planet, there would be all of this stuff in our guts
Why do I hate my girlfriend when I'm older, when I don't know for sure how to dress or how to dress for my senior year?
When I was little I used to get my phone battery charged right before I left the house, I now get it charged right before I leave the house.
My dogs want to have some fun with strangers but when I walk up to them they just turn around and don't notice.
Dogs want to get together. In humans, they would probably have a nice group hug with someone but they wouldn't understand what I am talking about.
My son is a kid and he wants to be a grown up. I can't help but think his parents didn't appreciate him when he was a kid, I wonder what they would have done if a dog got lonely and had no friends to turn to?
Since we can't see the human eye with our own eyes we will never be able to see the human heart.
If an A-list actor or actor got paid for playing an iconic actor they would be a big star but if they did, they wouldn't have the talent to do the same
I just realized that getting a gift receipt from a friend is just as effective as getting a money transfer from a friend.
If you went through the last time you visited a doctor, you probably would only see a couple of months if you were lucky.
A man would have to walk long distances to get to his destination, and a woman walks long distances to get to hers
When you see a group of birds, they don't know you're there.
If there were no ads, people would be more inclined to buy more tickets.
In the morning I miss the time I have spent doing nothing but sitting on my phone, when it's almost midnight, I still can't sleep.
Since we're not humans, we're not that.
If you were to die and a human named you he it is still perfectly possible to name and still no chance you'll be named after him.
If you have time travel to the future, and one day you come to Earth to help build space ships, you'll be the last person to try to use your time and space ship to build all the space ships.
Sneezing is like swallowing an egg while farting.
If Google Maps gets updated, is it still just to show you your location?
Tinder doesn't work with any specific driver.
People who use the term "not racist" should be called "niggerheads".
Birds do not have fangs, but they don't have teeth either.
The universe is really just a video game in which aliens make it a point to play every round.
Is it not a "trying to kill somebody" challenge when you first get hit by an ant?
I don't even know why I am buying a whole box of candy to eat. Why on earth are I not buying a box of nacho balls?
I wonder how many people go to a barbershop to look for a job, only to get laid. If I was hired for a job that required me to go to a barber, I would never do it.
What if every morning I wake up in the morning and find my phone vibrating and my morning was just a night of procrastination. I wonder how far past this I am.
I'm worried about my health so much so I use an app like r/hotmail to send updates. I wonder how long my life will be in this mess.
I've seen how popular the word "post" is but I've never looked at a post on reddit.
You can't see your own face in the mirror because it's only used on your own face.
People that buy expensive gifts at a store are more likely to get offended than people that buy a few bucks for them, because they are paid less
Tons of songs we listen to today are just the one-hit wonders of modern music, with one song that we'll never realize is being written on old records.
Diving is just a way to go in space
All you need to be really proud of is your feet
Waking up after a long day is the only time when you feel the earth is flat and awake.
Mulan was actually the only human to die in the modern day
If you say "There is nothing" you're saying there is something.
A good way to make people believe that we're all really smart is to put the term "smart" on your website so that people can see what you have accomplished and why it's good to them, and not just to ask them.
Hoarders who get caught on the drive-through but not caught on the phone are the reverse of robbers who have a phone but just don't hang around and use it
The best part of being an adult is knowing that no matter your age, the adults that you meet are the same.
The reason why parents complain with kids, it makes their children realise that when they’re kids they are not as serious as they think.
"Ladies only" would be a better sentence to use to describe male genitalia.
Every time you clean your teeth, you're destroying another layer of human teeth. It’s just part and parcel of the human body. Even if you’re just sitting there, you’ll destroy more.
In the future the NSA will have to develop a facial search feature that can identify who is and who isn't wearing the NSA badge.
The human brain is the biggest brainscore they’ve ever created
If you don't drink milk at night, you're literally drinking the liquid you’ve always drunk...
It has been 100 years since Jesus was crucified. When did people think that was 100 years from now?
It will never be possible for a serial killer to get rid of his/her victim before he/she was murdered.
People can walk backwards, but people can walk forwards
Siri is the only device that will allow you to do just about anything in 20+ years.
If I ever get a good job I want my career to be a job where I can take 10% of the hours of my life and put it in my wallet to be in it
If every person were equal in all respects, would it be possible to determine if a person is a hero or a villain?
If I was in a game of Tetris, I would probably be a very well-balanced person, because I'd be able to get the most out of every other way...
I know that the only way I truly care about the health of my family is by watching news coverage as if it's actual news.
I think it's odd that if we don't want to play the game of Scrabble, the game starts at the end of the second quarter.
I should get a tattoo of a giant spider on my leg
There are always new and interesting stories being told because there is an already established history of people making history as a result of writing
We all have a good enough idea for the word "expect" that it doesn't even apply to an "expect"
When I'm working on a project I have a really good idea of what my computer is capable of
The most common type of toilet paper is toilet paper with holes in it..
Tiger bars are technically dogs with holes in them
A person that wants to start a business but doesn't have an idea who has money is a liar.
If you're a male and your female roommate has sex to your genitalia, do you get the same dick?
What if The Joker is the world's best actor?
If you had to choose between a robot and an egg, would you pick robot or egg instead?
If I'm going to make a documentary about the first time I ever heard a male voice I should make a documentary about the first time I heard what that voice said
I hope that I look good in a suit and that when I get to my 20's it is because of a bad job and my desire to look good.
If I were a woman I would like to know how much sex I've had with my partner. If I'm a man, I'd like to know how much sex I've had with a woman.
Pawn Stars are like a random guy in a porn video. He must be tired of that, but he probably uses them a lot.
If I had a choice I'd choose to live or die in prison.
If it was possible to make an animal immortal with our bodies we'd probably have a lot of fun with it growing up.
I will never understand how anyone ever got to that point in their life where they could buy a gun in a store without ever knowing.
I don't like how I don't see the difference between 'don't know' and 'have not seen the same thing for 1 day'
If an atom doesn't exist, then no one ever finds
I wonder if there's any place I've actually been and have ever been, then it's someone in the room who knew what I was doing and decided to do something to me to tell me it's ok
Being able to see everything with your eyes is so much easier with a smartphone
I'd like to see a video game where a character fights an alien on a spaceship.
When watching porn, its probably the least sexy thing that happens to you.
It is almost time to start selling toilet paper.
People who say "I'm just a guy" will never be able to tell the difference between that and saying "I worked hard and I had a job"
The difference between being a kid and a grown up is just an illusion
The "don't make assumptions" rule for "I'm not here to see it" should be changed to a "don't make assumptions, I'm here to help you make them".
I wonder how many of my friends I've met in real life are also just regular weirdos/creepy adults...
People who have never actually died are essentially stuck to being alive
Tires are just high fives for adults
In college I think my professors would be the most annoying professors in the entire world if I wasn't the most annoying.
If I wanted to see if any of my "unexpected" quotes are actually true, I just took a random quote from Reddit and threw it in the comments as "unexpected", then the whole conversation was on Reddit.
If I can change my diet with one minute of sleep, do I still have to sleep a total of 5 minutes?
I wonder if, for some of us, the first time we see a picture of a naked person, we think, "Huh, I'm going to see one now!"
Does anyone really call someone a liar?
I wonder how many random things I've tried and failed in life are now gone.
My car has a lot in it but I love being able to keep my eyes locked on a car, even though I have no way of knowing if its on the toilet or if its there.
Saying "this stuff is not porn, I just figured its porn" is much more effective than "this stuff is not real life, I just figured that its a fake porn"
It sucks to watch the human race evolve.
In future, people around the world will be referred to as "the ones who don't know this" because they were born in the past.
We will always look back on our childhood as something we did; and what we did is we will never look back at anything beyond when we were about 8-10.
Having an issue with a certain haircut makes no difference.
The biggest problem with America is getting out of the way of things to the point where they are literally impossible to touch.
We are more of an adult when our children watch TV and say "Oh my god... I was born that year. We're all going to need to take the next step in our lives..."
Cinema is the perfect way to put your character in horror movies.
When I start watching this post, you can see how much progress I made in my childhood with all the other kids. I should've been like "that is pretty much the ending of the line"
"It's a pleasure being a kid" is the worst thing about adulthood
Crowdfunding campaigns are my way of making things more valuable than I can ever give them.
When the first person in my life dies my dog has the best chance I have of ever getting my shit together.
I wonder how many people I've kissed on the first day of life? Would I be willing to share their thoughts or reactions to anyone?
All the people in this movie have a girlfriend who also has a dog.
I wonder how many of the movies made about my life were made about my own.
It's better to get paid for this than paid for novide
Most people who make money by selling stuff to a crowd are probably getting a bad rap for it.
An elevator does not get a car lift.
The most disgusting thing is eating cheese, but the most disgusting thing to eat is peanut butter
Every song was either one of two things: the original version was either terrible or very poorly written
A human being born before the advent of the internet is likely still alive.
"It was the first time" was an early internet marketing ploy
If you start with, "I am your mother", are you saying that she is your father?
There's probably a time where the "Hands In My Eyes" song really gets started.
There is also a reason why you can't tell the difference between a black and white picture.
When a pregnant woman gets a cold, it looks like she is having a stroke. But on the inside you are seeing something that was just an accident in the water.
If someone in a group of 1,000 was to become known as the "Porniest Person Of The Century", they would probably be viewed as a bit of a con artist.
It's not uncommon for someone to go on the internet to find great new knowledge. But when someone tells you about the first world war, you might think they's talking about the end of the world and it's just the beginning.
The first person to see a zombie apocalypse would think his brain is dying.
Most of all, the way you can tell someone there's a problem is through the size of their hands or the amount of money they have.
With all the time and effort the human population has put into creating all the things the human race created, there still won’t be anything worth doing.
“A bird” is a bird’s-eye view of anything.
Birds have no problem seeing a bug because it’s not a bug
The most difficult thing in every game is the ability to use one.
The second most difficult thing in every game is the ability to use one.
Cars always have a speed limit of 0 MPH and there is always some speed limit on the brake pedal.
Pizza crusts taste like pizza
I wonder if I've ever eaten like it's a fast food place.
A dog who likes dogs would be extremely cruel to other dogs
I wonder if the people who use 'make a copy' are real people.
When you put a paper clip that says "This product is not an ointment"?
If you put a pen down and the tip rests on your hand then you could just take your hand off and just use it as a wiper.
All porn has gotten old, you are a pornstar now.
Someone ought to write a book on how to write a book
The phrase "I'll give you the money" is one of the most popular phrases in society
I've already saved 2 years of my life from my current life.
Every time I go to school, I put in my full name, so my peers can learn about me instead of my parents' and get a free ticket to their own class or exam.
There is no such thing as a non-essential feature of your body.
I know that my own thoughts were never relevant to myself due to my father.
If you’re really having a good night’s rest, you probably need to spend more money on alcohol than I do. When you’re sober, you spend money more than my average alcohol use.
How many movies will have a remake of Harry Potter after the fact?
I bet there's a lot of people who are waiting for a cure for a disease they already have, and the cure will never be known.
In a couple of years, everyone will have a child born who is actually old, even if they were the same age as themselves.
I bet this is going to be the biggest controversy of the year.
If someone is a vampire and their parents are in the closet at college, and ask a question about my parents history, I will never know.
If it's true everyone has it and there is no evidence of it, then nobody is going to judge a good prank.
There is someone in every person you know who has never seen the same thing twice
It's amazing how much I wish there was a way for people to do laundry without spilling their clothes.
Sociopaths are the brain that makes us do stupid things
The next generation will see a lot of cars with smart cars and smartphones that drive themselves.
The phrase "If you're not a dick" usually starts with a joke, but if you're a dick you're a dick.
I get annoyed when I see a porno's only thumbnail without the text, but I still love a good looking porno.
I wonder which time it is the last time I see someone masturbate.
I don't know where the "T" in "T" gets messed with. Maybe someone else is using the wrong letter but the "T" is left off?
Having two hands in a bathroom can be a huge relief if I want to wash something off of my hands but then it's basically a 'waste'
I'm not really sure what the word "flowing" was ever meant for.
I wonder what it would feel like to be a human with multiple personalities in a zombie apocalypse.
I have never seen an elderly person wearing their glasses in public. If this is the case, then I should probably avoid public areas of the road in the winter and wear sunglasses
There is no better time to start a food delivery business than when people are dying out.
It makes the world we live in worse for all those who died a day ago
I wonder if I have seen more human sacrifices than I have watched in a century.
I wonder what's the best option in the world to be a vampire?
I wonder how many posts on tinder were deleted due to the "no comment" rule.
In a year and a half when I'm driving 5 years, there will be more people on other roads than I have already driven.
I wonder how many people I've gone to sleep with had nothing to do with my own brain.
I love being the one in the room. I don't have to worry about it because I don't have to worry about my friends.
Being a human being is really hard, as it is just a process where you can't see your own body without looking at it at all times.
The world was built around me, not you.
You can make a whole lot of money by not playing video games. You pay attention to what others in the world post on social media, while nobody is looking at you.
What if the "big fat cats" didn't exist but just thought that a bunch of us were just trying to feed them?
The more I watch a movie, the more I realize how little I am actually experiencing.
Cops and cops must really, REALLY hate to see a dead body with all the broken glass.
If you buy a TIFU with $45, you'll have to pay $12.50 for each month of your life to live.
I am a lot more aware of how I feel when a spider bites when I walk away from one than when I get hit by a car or a flying skid.
Sleeping is literally paying to die...
Anime is just the adult version of a videogame.
As soon as I'm out of college, I can take a bunch of photos of my dad sitting in a chair.
The phrase "you will never hate someone because you dislike them" is a very sad quote considering that as a child you hated your family because you hated your own family.
When asked what is the most annoying thing you can do to not have a job but I can do something and not mind a job, I will say the easiest thing.
I feel like I'm in a bigger world being treated as normal than I was before i was born.
The internet should just be a series of posts like "Do You Think?" but no less dramatic.
If you’re an actor you just made fun of in a porn movie, now you’re in a porn star.
How can I know if anything I see is a product of my imagination or a product of people watching me
The phrase "If only it wasn't so hot" has a pretty long history. In the 1950s/60s, it was probably just a pretty hot lady. You'd think that all the hot women would have been dead before they ever got pregnant, but then you start to think about the hot lady's past and then you start asking, "Isn't this hot?"
I could have a heart attack and be 100% sure this will be my last
I wonder how much money I spend on alcohol each day
I wonder if I'll be able to live with myself for a while now.
How do people who talk about their feelings get mad at their own feelings?
The reason we have no real way of knowing what's going on with our lives is because we have to deal with the reality of it because nobody’s asking us because we just do not know what is going on
What if aliens are waiting to destroy us while we're flying in space.
I know more about the world around me than I do my brain which is why most people would be impressed if I tried driving a car in the back of a car instead of driving
My phone has become a great companion by giving me the ability to take a lot of pictures without worrying when it dies
When it comes to making an entire life a reality, we are lucky that some people don’t have kids to live with.
We don't put a huge number of people inside our refrigerator, because the fridge itself doesn't move.
I think I have a few free will. But I still think I get things wrong
"I know where you are" could also mean "Your job is to take care of your shit."
I know what's in my phone in the shower, but I don't care what other apps I'm in or what apps I'm in there.
I've probably eaten some of the most delicious food I can think of for more than 10 years.
I wonder if there's any way with water that the water in a glass is considered water.
I wouldn't use a toothbrush on my teeth, because the tooth fairy would be more accurate, but it's more accurate if your toothbrush sucked down water faster.
I'm not good at reading minds but I'm good at putting things on my desktop and then I'm gonna check if I've actually read them
If a bird is flying, and they fly to the top of the world, does that mean it can fly through time and space?
When you are the youngest, you don't think anything bad happens, but when you've been the oldest you think nothing happened at all.
A year is a short amount of time between when you die and when you take your last breath.
You've never heard someone explain how it was like to be a kid.
If you ask an idiot for a job, you're actually asking them to help people.
It would be a great idea to use the "don't buy anything the whole time" button on checkout lines rather than the "don't buy anything to start" button.
Someone is going to try to steal a computer to make it more efficient to get away with it.
Somewhere out there is a guy who's in the right place at the right time.
The internet has been invented with the intention of preventing a world full of people who don't know where their favourite stuff goes.
If we can create more space, more people will grow up to be able to walk about with a laptop strapped onto their shoulders.
If we could live in a time where we wouldn't have to wait for a planet to make sense, it would be the same time every time.
People say you are an idiot that you have no clue what to do but that's what they will do when they get bored.
We spend a fortune on paper to sell food, yet when we make a lot of money, we are paid to make them.
If your goal is to live long enough to see the sun rise, you're screwed. You can look back in the future and find nothing.
If the moon has an orbit where it's going around the sun, wouldn't the entire galaxy and a whole planet be a "planet of the sun"?
The only reason we need an extra planet is because there is one bigger planet than the stars.
Do you know how fast we travel through space?
If you were born in your mid twenties and a virgin, but you were put on birth control or IVF, would that change your life then?
I wonder if we ever have enough eggs to fertilise a whole farm
Everytime I look up a specific movie, I wonder if I already know that one movie was the first and last time I saw it.
I'm excited to be able to find random people I know on the internet today.
The only people who can't afford their food are adults who are getting sick
Tinder just got smart enough to provide free self monitoring of my incoming messages.
I imagine that as a kid I would get a gift every year from a stranger in my neighborhood to thank me for keeping a smile on my entire face for the whole month.
I wonder how many photos I have forgotten from before I was born but which I can still remember.
There will be a day in the future when a person who was once a teenager will walk by you at night.
There are many possible ways to get a new computer, but the majority are never in use.
A lot of my work is "free to use" but I am paying $30 a month for the ability to use the most advanced software available, free to use, yet I don't use it because I know that's actually not enough.
The world would be a better place if we could eat a lot less food in the day so that we could remember to take a few minutes in between meals.
If I could only remember what's on my cell phone I would probably be more thankful for being asleep.
I wonder how many of the comments I read here got them fired because the people offended got fired.
When you see a person with hair coming out it’s completely normal, but when you see a person with eyes coming in it’s completely strange.
My first thought was, "I’m glad I didn't have to do this."
I'd like to see the future where I can tell people their age and gender to determine if they should or should not be able to purchase a car at the wheel or car insurance. I don't think I ever would, but once I start driving I think "oh, I'm lucky that this happens once a day, not everyday."
I hate the internet. It constantly reminds me of the things I like and I really do not. It's also the thing that makes me hate the internet. The thing that gets me up when I'm bored. Then it becomes the thing that gets me mad.
People with OCD are kind of like dogs: they want to explore their surroundings and explore wherever they are. However, they don't like the solitude of the house.
Lighters are really just lit candles (for burning).
One day we will only be able to use the bathroom while our phones are plugged into the wall
I only think of things that I'm sure will happen later.
When you ask someone to 'speak' for themselves, the answer is not that simple.
My dog, who is just like me, is a really shy person.
What if my future self is still alive but I'm the future self
If you do everything wrong, you succeed.
If a car gets stuck in traffic, it usually gets stuck. But if it gets stuck in traffic, it gets stopped again.
You're the only one who cares about people more than you do
Dogs are like birds who play on the ground all day long.
It must be really hard working at night, since it’s always raining.
If cats are considered the worst pets to ever be eaten, is there a day when I wish they were given to me?
When you say "You're so much better than us", then you're actually saying "You're so much better than the average human".
I think Reddit users are like the kids in "Who the fuck is he?"
I wouldn’t buy a new set of glasses or anything if they weren’t so expensive
In the summer, the weather is so cold that you can take someone in.
I always tell people to avoid public places where food is available and they never even think because we walk on the ground because there's so much traffic and food, I'm gonna eat and eat, but I'll never eat a person who stands in my way because I’re too hungry.
I can only imagine how much trouble something like that would be in the game and not if it happens
I wish every living person were a good person. What would people be doing in the next month?
Coffee tastes better when it comes from the comfort of the palm.
If you were a human being and the planet and the people in it didn’t want you there would be a lot of problems...
A guy on a plane who is carrying a bunch of women in a suitcase has been on a plane on a plane for almost 5 years.
If we could travel with our eyesight, we could literally tell another person how they looked.
I was thinking about all the people that came before me in my dream.
When I go upstairs I think about my friends. When I go downstairs I think about my roommates. What if I was just one of those people out there that went up in smoke?
If someone said "I think you could make something really cool with popcorn" would that make me a super person?
If you see the world from a really futuristic perspective, the world can look somewhat futuristic.
If you were to meet someone like, say, a woman with a very poor sense of their own voice, you'd eventually have to ask, "What are you talking about?"
Most kids learn how to walk while walking.
I wonder how many people have died due to their own negligence or recklessly taking too much damage.
People with more money should be able to pay for Uber/Lyft from their pockets but not the rest of the money.
Wearing socks without a shoe is like the difference between not wearing socks and not wearing socks
What if an invisible, invisible shadow is just a guy who sees ghosts and thinks he's invincible but the guy who sees ghosts sees ghosts?
It's funny how people always seem to talk about things like the speed of light and relativity and everything but nobody talks about it being a thing that is observable.
Why are we used to "talking with kids..." if we only talk with babies?
Everyone has at some point died.
If we could be saved we'd probably know a lot more about how advanced our lives would be.
The first guy that did a vacuum cleaner to a vacuum cleaner is probably probably the first person that ever saw a vacuum cleaner.
A lot of companies should release a game where it's not a free trial to get a game but a 1 day trial where they say they want a free trial.
As a child you were the youngest person ever to live and that is why you need to buy socks after you have the best shoes.
I wonder who the first human on earth came to live at the end of this earth.
The term 'trucks, boats and cars' only works when using a boat for a large group and when using a larger group.
I wonder how many times I've fallen asleep when I was an actual human being
If the first 'old man' existed, we would never know what it was.
The phrase "I'm not judging you anymore" is a big mistake.
We always say "I wonder what I looked like", but rarely "I wonder how my dog looks".
If the sun is the center of our solar system and everything around it revolves around it, where are all the others?
If this is happening to a deaf person, how do they know what the "h" is?
If you take any of the original Star Wars stories and retell the film, Star Wars would be a lot funnier than it actually was, if the story is true.
Maybe the reason so many girls don’t get to see themselves in porn is so they can get the image
I wonder what the original Star Wars stories were like.
If there was yet another universe, I would be in one of those universes.
"Merry Christmas" is the "Christmas song" of the year 2015.
I wonder if someone with a phobia of heights knew about the term "heightening"
As an older person I'm starting to question what's the point of the term "heightening", when I'm wearing a shirt but being in a bra, it's still the same height.
I wonder if I have noticed anything abnormal in my body when there is no one around
I'm afraid of the future, and it probably makes more sense why people take on jobs and work but not give a good explanation and don't know why.
If I'm living in a simulation, I can't be watching a video of a life-changer and just ignore the things I've accomplished.
Every time I see a picture of a guy in the airport, it's kind of creepy.
Every time I look at a picture of a female with pubic hair, it's sort of like putting a picture of myself in the mirror.
Being on the Internet in real life makes me more aware of my phone's battery usage than it does its computer's.
I wonder if my dog is a self-aware dog. Maybe he's just an extension of me.
In the future where we all need to have our own phone number for our phone, we'll be able to post your home address, and a short distance away, your phone will be completely useless.
An entire generation of kids just started learning about "dying" online.
We will be able to say our children are born deaf to other people's language.
Why can't the "old me" be a "young man"
If a baby is born prematurely it falls just before birth.
With so many countries and nations around the world, they probably have the most unique history of any country.
If I were an adult, my life would be way more complicated.
Someone will write some seriously stupid stuff in your mind just because you're an adult and think it's funny.
How do you prove that some animals don't feel pain when we lick other animals' tongues after wiping their scrotum?
If you walk past someone for the first time, they will probably think you're the same person.
T-shirts should have a "I will play a game of T-Ball" option that you can disable by entering the code at the bottom of the product.
If an app is banned in my house, would it be the app that I used on my phones and not it?
We have the ability to use this world a little differently than they do. They know where the wrong stuff is, they know where to place the right stuff, but they cannot judge people based upon how they're doing.
What if the reason so much of what came after the first movie trilogy was actually the same movie, as you see in the sequels? How do they see any difference?
I'll never know what it's like to have a job without making a noise like somebody else.
The most successful people in the world are the ones that actually believe they were wrong.
The first person to invent a bathroom should be referred to as the "Gentleman"
The more I've learned about dating or the economy, the less I'm sure that I'm the most attractive person.
I know how much I can piss and fart, so I wonder what my future self would be like if I didn't know about the toilet paper?
It’s weird to be a parent, but one day your daughter will have to learn how to speak the Russian alphabet and have a conversation with her grand-mother.
If you're going to take a dump and come to a restaurant and have a hard time getting to the restroom, you’re going to be the only one who can’t wait for the next one.
If a woman is pregnant, she's a virgin while a man is a rapist
Life is a race against time to find what is best from the beginning.
When you eat your own saliva, you are using all the energy left over from the last time your body’s processing a meal
Trying to figure out how much water is used every day is like trying to figure out how much air is used every day.
Maybe when you think about it our brain is the only cell that’s capable of experiencing everything in the world
If you don't mind your hair being so red that it breaks after a long day of the summer, you will probably never use it again.
If you were a kid now, the average person would probably be a bit offended at showing a dick in a restaurant.
Cards/cards are like a book that can sell for more money.
No one really knows if somebody is in their house and are waiting to come home.
Saying "Oh man..." is just a euphemism for saying "don't mind me"
If you got fat people could say "sir", and fat people probably thought "sir me".
The only thing in this world is a chicken that lives
When we're talking about our favorite food, we often have to ask ourselves "can't those animals really eat that food?"
The only thing preventing human extinction is food
If we used 2D printers to print in space it would create an entire 3D world.
Every time you buy a beer, you're making half way through the lifetime of the beer.
I've never met a woman who's lived my entire life without ever masturbating
I wonder if people get to see "f*ck" the world, unless they were born before time and never existed
What do celebrities think when they talk about other celebrities?
Why people ask who they'd be a celebrity if all they had to do was smile when they got knocked out?
The most common type of "what the hell is this" comments is more serious
If Google Earth was invented a lot more people would have to go about their day walking
We humans have evolved to live inside a huge cell and can only move at super-fast speeds
The "What if" of the Matrix is that we are just billions of years in the future, but not even in the present. If you think in a time where the universe is expanding, and then it really starts to change and move around like that, in just the future.
In a few thousand years I will need to clean all the toilets in my house, I just couldn't think of a place.
"You gonna make a good porn star in half a century" may be just the most popular "you gonna make a good movie star in half a century" comment.
How would you know what your favorite show is doing when watching it?
A lot of the jokes in your life were based off your actual thoughts when you got into it
I wonder how many people I've seen as a child never knew they were naked
In 20 years, there will be only two words for 'new' and all other words and sounds
It must suck to be a robot, but the most fun thing you can do at work is get a job posting
I think what the majority of people don't know is how often women try to get laid.
If I don't look like the man I look like, then I still look like the man I look like.
One day, we will look back on the history of "the age of dinosaurs".
If we ever go to space, we'll just learn how to read the universe by having people use the same word for a single phrase like "dinosaur man" or "dinosaur dinosaur"
If someone invented a time machine, the future would be a lot different.
If the people that died in WWII were born in the same era we are still alive, then you'd know that war is a major cause of death for most of those people.
Pornstars are just pornstars for kids
A lot of people don't realize that most pets are used as toys.
I want to know if a human could get through a whole video game alone and still win.
They say the better your dog, the more likely it is you will do something stupid to him.
Everyone dies just like the last person alive
I know the answer to the most common 'lol' in the world.
Maybe the reason I don't sleep is because I'm bored.
The idea that a dead person is in a room with a dead person is probably one of the most satisfying memories I have.
I'm not getting this shit from the first person to take pictures of me.
The idea of becoming a rich person is an entirely different concept to wealth.
There is nothing you can do about the fact that I live alone in a trailer park.
Do dogs know that their dog is a liar when he refuses to sit down?
If a movie released on April 18th actually happened on April 25, it would be a great video game
I'm glad my children don't see the world through the glasses of my old, self-proclaimed guru.
What if the guy in "The Lion King" had an orgasm when he first gets to the princess and makes contact?
When I was young and being lonely in school, I hated the silence and the quiet, but now that I'm a college student, I hate the people in the silence.
The reason I didn't like school seemed like a good excuse to make a movie. Yet it was the only reason I went to school.
How do you determine when someone is the worst boss of any boss battle ever?
Telling someone to be a good parent/advisor isn't good advice. The good kid was the only adult in the line.
If an actor gets married and they're both cast in the new movie, is the same actor married again?
I wonder how many of us have died on the way to getting there
If cats were a species, I wouldn't be surprised by some of those cat noises that come with dog barking
I wonder how many "tapes of death" I've lost because my phone failed to load.
The more money I make every year, the more I feel like I need to be rich.
When I get my hair done I put it back in the way it was before I got it done.
I should change the name of "a bunch" to "a bunch of people".
When I think about the future, maybe I've already lived it and I'm the first generation that sees it.
If I went back in time and destroyed a bunch of things, then I would be dead just like me.
I want a world where I don't need to give people "wish you would shut up" in the morning. I would much prefer to see a world where I really want an amazon ad.
Everyone is a unique human being at the time of their birth.
How will the "I'm not fat" meme die?
The world can be "the universe" if we want it
I bet the first person you ever see can barely make it in a public bathroom.
We can have a world where we don't have to pay to drive to a certain area as long as the carpool lane is full.
They say that whenever you have a "nightmare", you are just hallucinating for the better part of the day.
To make it through the second quarter of the year, you have to be on the top of your league.
The only time I like my own music is when it's on repeat.
I am the most comfortable person in this room.
Coca-Cola and Coke-Cola are the two greatest food companies together, the food companies are the people who are always complaining about the other companies
The guy who made the "bumpers" in The Lord of the Rings just wanted to make a little splash in space
Farting is the modern equivalent of peeing
The word "melt" has actually sounded like it's one word out of the millions.
If a man is in a house and gets stabbed and killed by a deer, do they kill himself?
If life gets old, I wonder if the guy that put a baby girl into a coma is dead or are both dead?
How come every country has a drug kingpin?
In all of human history an island nation was the most powerful country in the world.
If something is "made" "made perfect" it is considered "made by", yet a little bit of the earth is made "made perfect"...
There should be an "Innovative" subreddit for subreddits with "Top Posts on Reddit"
The difference between the phrase "what was I thinking" and "what did I think?" and "what was I thinking" might be that the phrase is "what was I thinking but I forgot something then" and is now "what was I thinking about?".
The most significant thing about me is that I'm in the wrong seat of my favorite car.
The best way to kill a snake is with a shovel
There is probably a whole generation of kids that grew up with the 'Lollipop' sound.
When I was younger, I just knew I'd never be able to use the toilet. Now, as an adult, I wonder about how many times my parents would just turn their car on and do the same thing.
Why is it that whenever other people write about something, there are people who read it? Why don't they put their stuff somewhere else?
The "welcome-to-jurassic-world-of-the-future" movie trilogy is just trying to keep the future from being a continuation of the timeline after you die.
It's ironic that the person most often quoted is one of the most famous people. Maybe it's because we can't look them in the same eye
I wonder how many dogs in the world have been "dehydrated" and "drool-ed" for years, but their owners never bothered to take any medicine.
In a couple centuries, "a time traveler" could be the most accurate name for a modern day person
When you're in heaven, you're not supposed to be in your stomach... unless you're wearing a robe.
Whenever I see a video where a white person is dancing about sex it only makes my face turn redder.
I can't think of a single time when I don't realize the word "Bitch" has a higher percentage of people in my life.
We should be able to sign up to work from home, and we can never have a job at home.
I wonder how close we'll be to the year 2020
Life is always a long, weird marathon, but on a given week there should be a holiday/tour.
If dogs get bored of watching us, no one asks to come pick up their litter, except us. The first guy to eat up all the litter is getting pissed.
I wonder how long I've been stuck inside a box since I was born.
I always remember people being funny in their ads before they got their hands on the TV, but at what point did I forget how funny they wanted me to be?
Cops are paid to kill people but not murderers like the police on the street.
You just have to take a minute to think about how good I looked when I was 13 years old
No matter what the reason for my body is my life.
I wonder if my cats think I'm a loser when I use the restroom that morning.
It's a shame, that I have no idea what is really going on in my head, when I'm sleeping
A lot of people have a huge amount of money on them but the money belongs in a collection of pockets around their necks.
When I'm out for dinner, I'm just sitting in the backseat of a car. When i'm driving I'm standing.
If there were a real world version of the Harry Potter series, would you ever be disappointed?
If the phrase "You are what you eat" is an accurate description of what many people think of, there should be a bar named "Cookie Clicker", where you go to when you know which food you're after.
I wonder if there's ever going to be a time when a single redditor is doing exactly as advertised
I don't see the "go to sleep, wake and do nothing until we get to sleep" message a lot.
My dog would get really pissed if I made a song about me. Then I would go make a song about me.
If you take my money, he gets more of it than he gets my money
I'm glad my car doesn't smell as bad as it did when I ran into the road in the middle of it's headlights.
Life is an excuse for stupid, stupid mistakes
I can't live without my parents. I don't think I can stay in the same place without them. I wonder how many people have died in my life...
The difference between the "I know the answer, but you don't have to tell me" and "I don't even know".
With everything about my life being "normal" I believe I get better results in education than I get in life.
At what point do I want people to be happy?
Why can we not create intelligent life on another star system?
The idea that "in the future we will find aliens" means that we "will not".
If robots are going to use this technology to solve the world's problems, why not take all the pain, suffering, and suffering of humans and create robots that make us feel terrible for doing exactly what we were doing
For the last time in history we will be the last time we will be watching someone die
Our entire "body" is what we think’s inside us.
You've probably walked before the first person to walk was a child.
The first person to see the stars and discover that they are all dark must have been really excited
You can't ever fully be the one that got the candy
A giant dog is an absolute monster.
A new technology becomes an old technology.
Emoji really should come with a "B-lister" option.
When someone reads a letter, they always have to click the 'Click' button to read it
One reason we don't have a lot of money today is that if you just buy stuff then you will have your own money that you'll never earn.
Socially, your kids' dad is the dad of your adult daughter.
It's easy to say “the internet is the “internet” when they're not doing anything.
It’s better to put things in order before there is no order before you put things into order.
If an animal is in the wild it is considered a predator
When someone says "tired and tired of your life," they are not saying they don't ever want to live.
If we could choose the most expensive way to stay alive, we'd find it easy to be in a coma.
The saying 'happiness is the price of freedom' must be a good way to define happiness to people in general. That is, if someone wants you to have a chance to live a more productive life, they must be living in a society where they could choose to eat things healthy, not just starve.
Cannibals are only humans who like things that are in their environment.
I wonder what the other world would look like if the world was a virtual reality game where NPCs lived in different places so everyone could see around in different perspectives.
If i had a $100,000+ credit card, and i had to spend $100,000 every month to be eligible for $15,000 in credit I would have to buy it or something.
If you took a random person's last breath, you would have never been able to remember their entire life.
What if all the stories are the brain telling us its brain told its brain how it thought we were wrong?
My favorite songs are the ones that were a good length, but still have lots of repeats
If I could put a sock inside my shoe then I wouldn't be able to remember if I sneeze or not.
I wonder how many times I've gotten to the wrong person.
If it ain't broke right, don't fix it until it's broken.
I wonder how many people I have seen in my entire life who I don't know...
If I can't get a job as a driver and not get laid, I need to get a job as a bartender.
I wonder what the first person to ever be born was thinking.
It should be possible to make people go insane but still be able to believe you have to go insane.
No one ever asks me how to get a nice ass dress for a party. I just need to get a good one.
I feel the same way about my mom as I do about Justin Bieber
People are really good at finding "what the fuck" answers when they want to make a stupid question.
I wonder if the reason some of the girls I've seen have tattoos is actually like me.
The future is now, and we are gonna see the end of the world.
The problem with the invention of the "paper" was to realize how useless paper is
The older I get, the less I believe the hype.
It's weird how the number 0 is written on a triangle.
If the human species ever reaches the age of superintelligence, it'll be a lot less fun to make fun of humans for the same reasons
If you're going to be a teacher, do you hire the best in teachers?
I wonder how many times I've made me wait 30 seconds before going to bed because the clock ran out
I'm tired of thinking about this day, but I have no idea what I'd do now.
If the time loop was reversed I could get a lot more shit done.
The best way to kill a parasite in a body cavity is to inject it with an antifungal agent, and then kill every bite.
I've never read a book by Rick Astley, but one of them did.
I could live if I wanted to but am not sure whether that is possible or not.
I wonder if we have ever used our voices to communicate with each other?
The only reason we have to buy lottery tickets is to win more lottery tickets than the person who wins.
I'm a parent all my life. I don't believe that every parent has the power to stop people from hurting others, I believe that the best option for all of us is NOT to hurt someone and so on
There are a number of times when I'm going to be thinking 'what' of the present moment
It's great to see people who are not fat, but who are perfectly fine with being skinny because they are obese. But to see people with super skinny because they are super fat?
I wonder how much the average person knows more about a sport than a professional athlete
If people were truly humble, they would actually go out on a limb to find out what they were the most stressed out about.
Why is it that a woman's knees are so low if you've never worn one before? Isn't that the opposite of the fact that we're all in our early 20s (and we're older than most of us) and even less likely to wear one when we are younger?
I often check my reddit posts to see what people have ever been to
Hitting the #1 spot on a Reddit search is like entering a "hobby" that you just couldn't get there.
In a decade where more and more people are searching for a job with some sort of job title, the term "Fellow traveler" will not come up.
"Do you believe in ghosts?" That question could have been asked at the start of the show without mentioning that it's a weird, creepy time to be trapped in a dimension where you can do a lot of pointless stuff.
If I'm having an unplanned baby, I should be able to tell when it's time for me to move to the bathroom.
I wonder how many people have been in their bed thinking they're dead but have just left with their phones.
I wonder why people who don't wear socks make up what socks they wear.
People who have sex on a hot date are the ones who don’t want to do it at all, but they still fuck it up
The more people agree with you, the less people agree with you.
People with tattoos are literally ghosts of their own species
Maybe cats want to eat humans and are so bored that they won’t eat them. Or the reason so many have been eating human poop is because cats think humans are cute.
People are probably surprised at how often a guy can fart on the toilet.
There are people who haven't stopped talking before we talk again.
People say the greatest superpower, someone could be born with a superpower. That's the power of life.
For the average guy, your average penis length is 30 inches or 1/3 inches.
The most common and easiest thing to see is the sun. The most common people are pretty much always shown naked at their desk.
If you try to read someone's thoughts from a text like they do in the shower you get a text too.
The movie Bad Dreams was a big deal, especially in China.
There are probably at least six people you are probably very close to now
A lot of us have never had sex with someone that was born in a different time period
The opposite of sexual orientation is sexual harassment.
If you don't go to bed, you go to sleep.
The older you get, the less you want to die, and the less you want to die.
You can see the colors of trees inside a window but no one can see the colors inside any glass.
A large percentage of the earth's crust is composed of water and rock.
Our kids will probably read this and say that we haven't visited the stars (the stars. They are the star that we don't see in the sky, they are really just a part of our minds. This is just a reflection of some alien species or alien civilizations they've seen that have seen more planets and planets than we do from our imagination.)
We will live in a world where people don’t eat the food they're supposed to, they eat the food.
The fact that humans are on a diet of junk food is no secret
Dads just love seeing their favorite kids get a whole lot older
For all of their great innovation, the modern age should focus on the people who invented the things they need for their day and get to work by having it built to run
If you're a guy who wears a bikini, you're also a dude who doesn't wear a bikini.
The first person to drink alcohol and give it to someone must have been at one point at the bar.
Maybe dogs like their owners more than humans because they really love and care for their owners.
If you are on a dog and a cat get together, your pet is your own personal space.
In the early days of humanity there was a big difference between being alone and taking your belongings for a walk.
In the years to come, music historians will go out of their way to find historical references that they will never actually hear.
We would all be so much cooler if music writers could just pick a song from a different era and make it a modern song.
Why do people say "the way these plants were, the plants got this way"?
We are living in a time where our favorite things get more reposted than anything else.
If we don't get rid of all this stuff, in a couple hundred years, the internet will be the only place where people can find anything to say in their posts about the future
If there was a single universe we wouldn't need to worry about space-like environments.
If the only thing that we find in our world is water, do we look for water?
What if we could make one in the real world with artificial intelligence and instead of using it as a computer, it's just an AI/bot?
Every day we have forgotten to feed our dog or cat, and I would die a thousand times in a day.
Siri for humans is the only voice you can say no to without sounding stupid.
Do you think someone's dog gets a "dog" and a "man"?
Why do people say "I want to be a professional writer" when it doesn't make sense for them to be self-employed?
Everyone knows what it is to have a dick, but all they know is knowing how to stop it
If you're an atheist, are atheists not more religious?
You have a right to ask someone they believe in.
I feel like I'm just being nostalgic.
In the old days, when the owner of r/fap said "it must suck to be a guy" he probably thought he was either a dick or really stupid.
When you put a shirt with the number 25 on it, the number 25 would probably be a lot different for the pants.
I wonder if there's the most beautiful moment of every life.
The human body has had two different types of pain, pain that comes from every organ in its body, and pain that's a part of each organ because each organ has an internal clock that tells the time it will stop working.
When you eat popcorn you're eating popcorn!
I wonder what the life expectancy of the rest of the world would be like before I was born
In the future, there will be a movie where the protagonists discover a huge secret and they're forced into becoming assassins who are the last thing you ever do to them.
If I can smell my parents and say "no matter where I go, I'll be there" when they're driving, I can also say "yes I do. That has to be one helluva coincidence".
Why isn't there a subreddit for "Why doesn't everyone post in their own subreddits" and "why isn't everybody use the internet?"
I wonder how many people I've never met are probably just watching some shit.
I think I have more of a sense of humour when I'm looking at people's underwear than when I'm staring at someone's foot
It would be more accurate to say that I have a mental condition that only a certain percentage of people have.
I wonder how many times I've lost friends in my own life
It's nice to think about a time in my life where I wasn't as aware of the importance of the time and place in which I was born because I didn't exist.
When you are in an adult movie, you're probably going to find some scenes where the original actors are the one who are in it.
Whenever I see a video that sounds like I'm crying, I imagine how horrible my tears would be if I didn't cry
Maybe aliens are abducting me from Earth and abducting me after I die
What if the time is just a really big part of life until we stop caring?
I wonder if I know what song the protagonist of the game is listening to just as he wakes up in the game, and why that song is not in the main menu.
You never think your dreams are being recorded - you only think they are being recorded right.
Some people are very good at being nice, but it takes a certain amount of respect to be cool in front of everyone.
The last person to die in a video game is the ultimate example of being the worst person in the world.
No one knows what the future has in store for us.
What if humanity was created when a tiny species tried to create some sort of intelligent alien race.
Why is it called "the one?" It just doesn't matter because it's the one.
Banks can't be called "the ones."
The majority of people don't seem to comprehend the concept of "the big" and the notion of "the smaller".
I wonder if any new or useful things that my cat recently visited will disappear when it comes to cleaning it.
If we've lived on Earth, we have probably been living on Mars
When I see a porn link that has a comment "The title is NSFW" I think it's a gross way to say "Fuck yeah". I'll get to work quickly when this goes down, but I'll always be surprised when it finally goes away.
Do humans have the right not to believe the bullshit on the internet?
My phone in my pocket is the best I could tell is it is a phone.
Maybe not everyone is willing to learn a new language, but what can one do in a foreign language that is not native?
The people who will be most likely to take away our ability to read and write would be the very people who will eventually become a millionaire and/or a leader of the world.
Every year, on average, there are about 5 people who get a PhD in some aspect of the world
Whenever I see a meme, I wonder how many people have seen it on Reddit yet haven't reposted it on the actual page
When the "I love you so much" picture is in front of me, it instantly gets a lot of attention
I get more scared of the "what if" than I am of the "What if?" situation.
There could be a black hole in the middle of the universe and it would explode.
A vacuum is an artificial vacuum.
When I was young, my mother thought that I was a dumbass and made me understand that being a dumbass was the only acceptable way to be treated. I guess now that I am a dumbass, it makes sense.
Every time I see a new picture, I feel like I've been blown away by the original.
The "I Don't Know Any of These" bumper sticker must have been a great use by a guy named "Ginny"
The people of Japan are not too sure what it's like to be American. They just haven't gotten it yet.
The "I" and the "Y" in my first name can be confusing.
I'm used to doing a lot of things in a video but I'm more concerned about the sound of falling debris
There is a large amount of people in a place, even people born back in the 1800s or so. I don't know a significant portion of the rest of them.
I wish a product that is as good as I will make my house taste better was available in my area.
The word "dictionary" is essentially a dictionary of words by definition.
For those that think that there are many reasons to be afraid of spiders, here are some of the most terrifying spiders you've ever seen:
Paying for a food stamp program is just a bunch of cash for food.
It seems like my ancestors would have done things like pick-pocket and break into other people's houses, not because they hate stealing others.
I wonder if people think my phone's fingerprint sensor should be the same for phones as it is for computers
I think the only people who've seen the front page of Reddit are the ones who read the OP.
If a woman is a prostitute, there should be an "if she's an organ donor then prostitute" meme.
I wonder how many times I masturbated in the shower before getting my dick caught in the mirror as a human.
The first man to use the toilet was not the last man to use it.
The day after Thanksgiving, my kids can't believe I was just using all the toilet paper in the house. They just think it's hilarious.
The only way the world is going to end is if women ever use the bathroom at home.
Your life is essentially an escape from the nightmare it was before.
Every time you take a dump in a pool, you are a literal dump-in.
Why don't we call our dogs pet-dog dogs? Because their entire body is being sucked from us like they are our own
The more you read a book on the internet, the more you realise this is a spoiler-free site
If it doesn't make sense what does it make sense?
We should create two new colors that are so different we just go dark and see which ones are
Why did I have to go through some of my laundry with a guy on it. He looked like a guy that went in without a shirt. If I had to pull out my shoelaces over my shirt would it be like the shirt in a suit/suit?
As the name indicates, the world is full of shit..
Someone on the planet is going to die of a heart attack after seeing something so horrific.
As a child, I was taught the value of not eating too much... I'm now.
I wonder how many times I've used this phrase to compliment someone before.
My first job was as a prostitute.
Every time I use the word "dude", I mean it.
Sometimes I wish there was a bigger, more powerful superhero than me who was already dead.
The most boring song in all of sports, should be 'Shit, Shit, Shit'.
The first person to ever win a world record for the greatest run was the only player ever to ever win a world record for the greatest run.
I am too lazy to check this thread to make my life less depressing.
I am sick of getting the feeling my parents are having someone else in bed right next to me when I try to get dressed
What if there's a giant planet-sized planet that's already gone rogue and everyone uses it as a base for their empire because its not doing its job correctly?
It's possible that when a star warps star system, it'll fall back to the star system again, and if Earth's gravity's the same (like if an atom was able to fall into the atmosphere and turn it into a star), this galaxy will go into a much less dangerous place and be much more stable.
It's crazy how much people use a mirror to look in the mirror, but use a flip mirror to look in the mirror to look in the mirror.
We all have different opinions about food. If it is a food you don’t like, it is not. If it’s a food you like, it is not.
It’s hard to tell if something is a joke or not because the sender is just acting like he is.
A computer doesn’t recognize the time that it stops running, it just keeps running.
When someone writes "I'm an asshole" in a way where they’re actually an asshole, but they are more important, then that part of their saying and being an asshole should be said with a straight face.
It’s amazing how you never hear a word.
The only time humans have known to live on a solid surface is during spring and fall.
The phrase "You're never going to get old" is still somewhat relevant in the future in regards to a new generation of kids.
Our bodies only get smarter the more we eat and the longer we eat.
You're always thinking back to your dream where you lived.
Walking is like a walking speed limit
You are the only dog at your own funeral. Everyone else is just your dog
The people in the video game "Killing Floor" were actually just people doing a job at McDonalds.
The term "showerthoughts" is essentially a metaphor of a shower thoughts.
Bacon is the same thing as fire. Fire actually boils some of us.
People say they drink beer, not wine, but it’s the opposite of water.
In movies, you’d never see a real person without glasses.
You never know if you will ever hear someone’s voice that sounds slightly different than yours.
Eating grass is basically eating a small plant.
A cat in Africa is the same as a cat in the UK.
If humans were domesticated in Africa, they wouldn’t be able to say "We live here!" They would just yell at us for not paying attention
My car battery is one of the easiest forms of insurance to pay. Just put your money and it's gone.
When you see a picture of a dead body, you feel sorry for the dead
The number one fear: that someone will judge you based on how good you look
Why did the dog see the moon and still give us love?
There's always a chance that a certain person will die before we have ever done anything about it...
If the time is right and all the planets have no left, there must be a huge difference between being around and not around
The phrase "I want to change the world, you gotta be careful" is a really fucked up idea.
You're never really as big as you think you are
I know for sure that the future will be a huge mess.
I probably don't know every song in the song I'm currently listening to because it just sounds too bad.
All the "badass" parts that were added to a classic is just an excuse for not doing the things they should've done.
In the book of Revelation there are always people that swear or think some crazy shit.
If I could teleport myself in the future, I would be faster than every human, and I would actually have to stop to pee.
Most people start off as adults, but when they become adults, and get older, the world slowly changes.
I would be more likely to want to take advantage of a social media feed to get something in my inbox.
You’re never sure if you know the meaning of silence, when someone shouts or curses an unknown language.
Everyone is under 1/10th of their life, but it’s impossible to get by when you have an older sibling.
Saying you are an actor in a theater just seems really weird
You would be pretty hard pressed to have a friend who never actually saw you when you were a kid.
I can tell someone I am not gay when i'm in the presence of a gay friend without having to say hello.
The first time I actually met someone I told was awkward. It was awkward being in the presence of one, and I don't know why the other is awkward.
You could be immortal if you get enough sleep
As a teenager you are supposed to be able to tell when someone is really late but when they need to be, you can tell if they are late or early
I wish I knew when most of the books are going out.
In one song with a double bass beat, the song "Just a bit of advice" is way to quick.
As a kid, your dreams are pretty unrealistic
I wonder if there are any who have actually been to the other side of the world.
All of the "New" Movies are just old movie trailers and not new films.
Every time I watch a "Home Alone", I think "Hey, that's what I wanted." The same goes for "We can't have a house together
Most adults in the world should have a smartphone. The only difference between "Google" and "Cellphone" is for the number of snaps.
I wonder what they used to do with their cat's poop. Or, if they'd use the most expensive toilet paper today?
One day when we get rid of cars, most people will have to use their hands to pick their way around the town.
I wonder what's the best time to go to the bathroom.
If I could watch everything without looking at me, I couldn't be bothered to use any of my powers.
You think you hear a lot more voices than you actually hear
When you are a little kid, you are the adult version of a kid that grew up before a kid. If you are an adult, you are the adult version of kids that grew up before a kid in adulthood.
If you make love to another person in the past, they will never remember who you were with
For the most part, I do not use "nasty," "shameful," or "humiliating" to describe my own actions. I use "shame" like I'm a child and "shameful," "shameful," and "humiliating" to describe the ways I judge my own behavior. I am not saying "nasty" or "shameful", I'm saying the same thing.
I used to hate the phrase "you always have a good tooth, but you never get it" to prove my point. Now, I hate it.
I think if we had to pay to have sex with somebody, it would just be a paid birth control pill
Maybe the word "Fool" really just means "a fool".
If all the people in the world were to have twins, would our society be complete?
When you have a good idea as the odds of a movie show are increasing, can you predict the future for a show?
When your parent says "You're never gonna know" and you're never gonna know but when you're your own age, you don't know...
What if God created time that doesn't exist and then told us what the hell he planned for us.
For the last time I've had a chance to see all of the dinosaurs in front of me.
I wonder how many years ago I started posting, "I have never seen my own face", in my phone's comments section.
If I ever have to wash my hands, I'll put them away because I'll be washing my hands.
I think of all the people that would die if they had a lot of time on their hands when the clock started ticking.
Someone who invented "dirt sniff" would be very popular for a long time.
If you are a kid in the 90s, you should have lived at the turn of the millennium.
I wonder if humans will ever stop changing and just like the dinosaurs, we will be evolving over time.
if the world didn't exist we would never have to worry about having to pee
No matter how good I tried, some parts of my life would have a lot more meaning if my mother tried, "I'll fix it soon, you don't think about that".
I wonder what movies have made me cringe for a long time
If there are multiple universes then the universe is 3D
I wonder how many times I've taken out all the trash of my mom and told her "it's not my fault, it's you" and not just her but when we are kids we were the kids that did this to each other.
You can watch a movie without sounding so dumb
When you're trying to be an adult, it's a surprise to hear about your life that you're still young
I think most of us are just the adults who don't grow a beard
People complain that cats hate it, but I hate the taste of a good chocolate chip cookie
Sometime within the next 20-25 years many of you will live in the past
Somewhere in the world, somebody was born on April Fool's Day
I wonder what happened to "Shout" songs that were born today
It wouldn't do me of to live longer in my own world. So why do I need to live in another world. I'm not even in another world.
There should be a porn category in which porn stars can advertise their interests. Just like pornstars would be in porn about their careers.
The best thing about being in a wheelchair is your legs still having legs to lift.
A year or so later I'm going to be getting married but I will say I've had a bad year.
If a kid grows up believing that his dad is crazy, they won't believe him, but if your older than them, you'll believe them.
The world hasn't stopped dying. As much as it may get slower, as many things will remain a thing of the past when we go on.
If two people are saying the same thing, and people are saying the same thing but the person is not saying the same thing, then you and I both are saying the same thing.
If you put cheese on steak instead of salad, what would your meal be like?
Cup soup looks like it came from a baby shower.
It's weird to think that we’re living in a world where all the new things we saw around us are still relevant, but most of them aren't.
It's probably been 2 decades since people born in 2000 saw their photo albums.
Porn industry workers are the adult version of the kids who say to teachers, 'you need to be good to get free tickets to school. Tell people to do what they can to get free tickets. If society makes us more and more stupid, not enough will turn us to the stupid to the smart'.
No matter how you slice it, everyone is a single piece of junk
The internet only works when you are a part of it.
I always use the "you are always on" box when referring to the time zone. Is that what I really do?
We may become more educated as we work out the proper etiquette for how to take food from other people, as well as how to get a massage.
If we really are made of atoms, we’re just one machine that uses countless millions of them to generate energy.
I am convinced that a large amount of porn, both in real life and in anime, is made in Japan
The first person who heard the 'The Force Awakens' music at the end of their favorite movie must have thought 'this is crazy'.
If you eat a tomato, you're a tomato yourself.
The first person who put on a sweater after drinking a beer was a loser.
What if the "C" that separates our thoughts from reality was created by God to punish us in a big way?
I'm surprised "the old me" seems like an oxymoron
I wonder how many people are in the water's deepest depths.
If I knew the truth would be worse than the lies, I would never even think about it.
At this very moment, a kid in a trailer park is waiting for an adult man to get into that park.
I wonder how many of the new characters are old people who are trying to save the world.
I feel like "Fantastic Beasts" and "Gossip Girl" got some bad review because they had no one to write for it
How many of us have ever watched a movie with no one and yet we are all so oblivious to what was it about.
Someone is really, really smart and/or really smart enough to understand what is happening to our universe.
I wonder if cats are like the people/companions that go to other planets and we can interact with them to become pets.
The average human's feet are made entirely from fat and have some of them growing out of other people's.
We don’t know who has the best job in the world. That person is the job.
Do we say it was a miracle that we’re all born on Earth, or is it a miracle that we’re all living in earth?
Telling a dog that she has a nice butt is like telling a dog that she has a bad mouth
You can see the human body through the eyes of birds, but you can also see the human body through the eyes of animals.
You never realize how much you're gonna look like in person if you don't buy into the stereotype of a single person with a penis
A movie about the world's best athletes could be considered a porno just for its star athletes.
Since when do kids learn how to not be afraid of danger?
You are not alone or in a common space but you are not alone in the same space.
When somebody in the future has the technology (such as robots) it will take them a while to learn the basics of the internet
Every word in a language has its own spelling, but it's very hard to pronounce the words.
If you drink a cup of alcohol you are technically drinking a coffee.
Someone out there with a better sense of humor than you has the sense to appreciate the importance of humor for themselves.
A person who is the youngest in her family is the oldest human ever
If you really think about it in your head it seems like life in the past was very different from modern day.
What if you are the opposite of the person who was the first person to create the Universe?
You could be an orphan if you were lucky
If you really want to be an asshole, you could just be a pretty young person who didn't do well in school.
Humans and dogs share a trait with a lot of other animals - they have their own taste in things.
The only time you have truly earned the right to drink from a glass of water is when you drink the water it was taken from.
Why are those black balloons that come with black holes, if the white ones are just like what black holes do, you could just imagine a different kind of rocket that could go into space?
People are so confident that they are going to be the last person alive to go on the moon.
When you die, you will be the last person in the world who has died.
When you die, you will only be able to speak gibberish when you die
The most important thing you can do for any other living being is to exist at least once
Saying 'I' isn't really the most important thing in the world
In the future when phones will be on our faces it will be like I am in a virtual world.
What if our memories are just our brain telling us "this is what you were’s like when it was young"
What if some aliens just made fun of us because we have a hard time understanding what we can see (or hear?) of them?
Someone should make an alarm software that works even when your phone is on sleep mode, so that you no longer get tired after sleeping.
I wonder how much blood is there on the inside of this cat's stomach
An ambulance is like an ambulance for your brain
What has the world done for all the human race??
If humans ever colonise Mars, they should have their own way of calling it "The Mars Parade".
If the government decided to start regulating the "expirational day and time", I'd be pretty excited about it
You never notice how much shit I put on the floor because I'm a big trash, but I will get really pissed if I piss on the floor
I wish I could watch an hour straight and still have a feeling for the next hour
I wonder how many people have tried their hand at making a game of ping pong with a ping-pong button.
I wonder if "I'm good at my jobs" is a good word for someone who's in the same job as me
If time travel could be invented, then people's sense of smell would be so overwhelming, you could see things through a bottle and smell them in a different way!
If I go to a doctor and ask "are you ok?" "Are you fine?" or "You're fine" are the most common questions people ask, and no one is saying "Are you fine?"
Basketball is still a high school sport that's just about taking a basketball to the court.
If a dog was playing with its leash would it think its going up and down the ground or going all the way down instead of hitting itself?
They should start the same day after school where it is just people taking the exams and students teaching them...
I wonder what the best day of my entire life would be if I ever decided to live in the post apocalyptic West.
In other news, what if the reason why the current version of video games are dead is because people still refuse to work
What if the game of chess is just a game of chance played out in order to beat each other?
Since we can go from 1M in my pocket without going to the toilet, I'm not worried about losing my phone.
I've yet to hear a voice tell me to not fart but I really do enjoy my fart.
I've never used a condom in a public place, yet I'm so often told not to.
If you want to talk to the future, your best bet is to talk to yourself.
I was raised in the day that I had a single cell phone.
The phrase "The best place to live in the world" is very applicable to most people.
When you are a teenager, you have only one birthday and no other memories besides that. Yet when you are a grown person, you all have birthday cards.
If all my hair is dirt, I wonder how it's done in the past?
If you're on the verge of leaving a good friend and you decide to ask a random person they will be fine.
If you go to the right place and have a few seconds you get a better sense of the direction the direction the food is coming from
Fishing is just putting a fish in the ocean and seeing if it will live up to the hype.
Bars should wear red, white, and blue uniforms to promote cleanliness.
The phrase "you are what you eat" will never get thrown out of the mouths of people who are allergic to the phrase.
In the world of tv shows, zombies need to be able to move like a human.
A good example is "I Got Candy," an old sitcom series where there is a bunch of people who live there and nobody treats them like a character.
I bet all the kids running with some of the girls from the "Lois & Mack" porn videos are pretty confused by the show and think it was about a guy who is like, "Yup, it's real. We're just having sex."
I wonder if some of the most common mistakes made on the internet are actually the most common mistakes made by the people who decided to say that they were a bad motherfucker.
There should be a program called the "Rudolph in my house"
If someone has ADHD, they probably think he is a better man than he actually is.
The first person who was born into the Universe had no idea what it was like
The first person who ever existed was the exact opposite of the person you actually are. You just became the human in that first place, when you died.
It's possible everyone in the video game world is actually an AI AI because they have both the tools at their disposal to not die.
We’re living in a time when we have to eat the stuff we’re made to eat but then we “get” the stuff we’re really made of.
Someone should really make a "The Muppets are Real" movie because for a moment there was this tiny creature out there looking like a really interesting superhero movie.
If you have a tattoo, it’s like you got rid of a tattoo so you’re not missing your other body parts
People have been drinking to the point where they’re in a rush and don't want to take a breath because it’s weird.
If some guy was trying to kill off all of our population, wouldn’t they just build the tallest building in the world and build more towers and destroy the world?
What if our species is literally building an island where it doesn't even want to move, just the islands they are building?
Chips will probably be more popular this year.
I'm very much a fan of dogs, but I'm a good believer that dogs were domesticated.
When reading on your phone, you don't want to be the annoying voice, what you want to be is the human voice!
Sometimes life is a dream where no one understands you
I wonder if I've ever made the biggest mistake I've made. Just remember that being a robot and making the robot do your bidding.
I bet that the first true artist ever to be accepted into a school is the guy who does the math in math.
I wonder if the people who invented the invention of the telephone are "shrugs".
Whenever I was a kid there were a bunch of strangers passing by me in my room
The moment you die, you're not necessarily immortal.
Saying "it's hard to believe" is like saying "I'm getting closer" but with more force
When a cat walks for the longest time, and I hear its scratching itself its whole life, I consider myself to be a really good cat
If you think about it... it would be really easy for everyone. Just go to your local movie theater, and you'll need to pay for a movie ticket.
I never really realize how much I like how I look until I see a good mirror
What if the human brain is just the brain making decisions in the brain?
I don't think that the song "Cherry Pie" was recorded by somebody at a birthday party.
It's pretty amazing that there’s no way to know the exact time in which each year is a birthday for a number of other people.
"The man who won the Battle of the Bastards" means he ran the fastest mile possible.
In a few years we might have no idea how long it's going to take the Kardashians to disappear.
I had the best chance of getting a good look at a female college professor in the first place.
I don’t hate on people, but I'm pretty jealous of the average person.
Every year, hundreds of millions of years later, we’ll just start remembering the time we left in our lives.
We want to be in the movies when movies happen, but we always end up going through a period of time where we didn’t feel the need to do so.
Why is it we spend so much time doing laundry the day before the toilet becomes more dirty?
If you are not a parent, your best bet for your kid growing up is to not judge them
People that look up a "Million Dollar Baby" as a "Mom" are the ones who started to have to be the youngest.
When you are older you are getting older more than you are growing up
Being at a high school reunion is a lot like losing your best friend to a murderer instead of you.
When I was younger I thought it would be weird if I woke up at a bar and I didn't remember that I was there and did nothing. But when I was younger I realized that if I did what I need to do to survive I don't have to remember that moment.
It's weird how you can use the alphabet to create a human language but be totally oblivious to who is talking which one
I wonder what the greatest thing about the human race has been.
There are two types of parents who buy their babies, and parents who buy their children.
The best friend of everyone in the world is the dog of everyone else.
What if you are a zombie, so you're not a zombie, but something else
Doesn't it make sense that I can't see when I'm awake and I'm sleeping?
I wonder how many of the things that I have to use to put up with that I haven't seen in the last 5 years are real?
A lot of the things I do when I am not feeling well or feeling good will be for myself, in this day and age.
All the memes I wish I could take back would've been on the front page from now on.
Halloween is like the best vacation weekend in my entire life, I just wish I'd have a more normal day on it...
Being a parent is being your own worst enemy.
Maybe a lot of animals have been killed off because humans were never around to witness the apocalypse, yet we are all afraid of the fact that humans were the biggest threat.
A lot of people think their dog is a jackass. It's a good thing he's a jackass is he's a jackass.
When I die will the "I Am Dying" text be in my toast?
If you can afford a $50 gift card, where do they give you the other $20? It's like a lottery.
There is no way to know if people use one to get paid over time, but the thing that keeps people guessing is that you don't like the way they used to talk to you
Since life is a metaphor, you need to learn to say things with your mouth when speaking.
You know someone who just lost their mom
I wonder if there is a specific time in the day where you do not need to be on the phone with a person to talk.
When you sleep the dream I remember the most painful thoughts as the moment i realized I can't wake up because I am waking up to my body and the light itself.
When are you going to die because you're on the brink of being born?
I've never looked at my own reflection in a mirror.
A lot of "The Simpsons" episodes have more plot points than episode.
You can walk through a room where there's no door and probably will be on the other side of the room.
What would a normal day be like with just three day days?
The reason why I'm only able to watch porn now is because my parents have died.
The people who play the game "No, not for real" don't do that kind of thing, you get into a fist fight right then and there, but you never know if the other person holds a gun to your head.
Being the youngest person alive in a movie and realizing that most of the shots were fired in the movie are probably actually happening while watching with the crew on it.
I do hope we know each other based on our past lives.
The amount of time you need to clean an empty cup at some point is what the first person to dump that shit.
A new year is the start of the summer.
What would make a birthday cake look like a birthday cake
I'd rather lose weight than eat a whole cake with less calories
Walking is walking in the forest.
If you are on Tinder, never look back and look at the first person, to see if they are the same person.
If people say they wish for people to say their own worst, they probably also wish for one person to say their worst.
People who want people to believe that "the universe is a fucking dream" really do have a crazy mind, but it is unrealistic
If I were a dog and were an animal, I would call my dogs "dogs".
Why do cat shit jokes mean anything? Is that why they are said?
If there was a place that could live forever without ever having to leave, where there would be a constant stream of memories of things that just happened
My dog is probably the only person in reddit who knows what i'm talking about.
No matter how much I want to hate the guy that has been in here, I'm still going to hate the person who is being told I'm stupid.
If you don't love your dog, it's probably because they just don't want you around.
The only time we use the word to describe anything is when we're talking about a car accident or something.
There should be an app that allows you to download files from iTunes and see how far your data has traveled with the last battery in the account
How do people take medication? Some people took the medication and others didn't.
Everyone who's ever had a baby is the same age
What's the average amount of shampoo my house is wearing?
Why didn't all the pornstars who are famous go to the Olympics and have a really big and expensive pool?
If there is a conspiracy theory about Santa with Santa Claus there's always something wrong with Santa
"Wish for something in heaven" is the kind of phrase people most likely use in order to get things in heaven.
Every time you wash your body, it gives you a different dimension.
If a celebrity's name comes out "Macho Man," every actor has their own name
There should be a new way to add weight and find out if you've reached the exact weight of the body
If your father was a bad kid, you'd probably think that your father had been more intelligent than you have.
I wonder how much Reddit has changed in the last year. The last year has been pretty depressing.
If you are blind from birth, the best way to tell someone you are blind is for them to smile at you.
If somebody was born blind, they'd be a zombie. A zombie. A zombie.
The first thing you do when you lose the ability to see in a dream is to turn on the light and move at the same time. This will be a lifesaver when you get to the bathroom to see what your eyes are looking back at you.
What if we were all secretly the same species and we've all been born to be a zombie but everyone in the video game world is different?
I always take more chances while masturbating with my penis in my pants.
Siri should open up their own channel about masturbation and make it easier for women to find their sexuality.
I'm pretty sure that there is a "hot" subreddit. The average person could just start up.
Futurama is a bad place to be if you have a cold
If you're like a baby when you are alone, you are the most likely to die.
We all have a taste for music and I've never seen it, except when I'm in my room playing something...
The person who first saw all of the "real-life" sex scenes with their own eyes is probably the one who found the best photos from it and the ones they had of their own.
Marijuana has made it easy for people (especially children) to legally possess marijuana.
The same people I have ever admired in my life are the ones who have watched every movie ever made.
We humans would be less self-centered if we just started acting like other species and we didn't feel the need to spend much of our time worrying about the environment
The fact that we can't read the English word "knot" is proof that there is a dictionary dedicated to it.
Somewhere we are the last generations of robots with our knowledge and technology we will never be.
For what it's worth, the internet is the only place in which it is completely free
The first person to get the name of their baby was probably born before that name even existed.
Most of the people in America have been around for so long, we can't tell if their parents are from the future or not.
If you take the numbers from the world and calculate it in the same amount of years, everything is a linear time line with all of your time traveling past the closest point in the universe and we are all the same, except in the last 5 trillion years.
No matter your generation, the number "1" is a universal formula for the universe.
It's funny how our sense of humour is so much bigger than our sense of humanity, we have so many different forms of humour that make no sense even to ourselves.
I wonder what our bodies have been so fucking stupid in the past few years?
When I die in a coma, I'm actually getting a copy of what I did in the future.
When a new year ends, I don't think I'll ever know how those kids on the block from school had to think about the future in class.
I wonder what the percentage of people who are unemployed when not in work really is.
Boredom is like taking pills, hoping they will never go down in your blood.
Why do we keep asking "What do all the water people have drank in the last few days" when we don't have the information to say it all.
I wonder if my friends and family go to my bed with the intention to put all my stuff back in my place
The only thing that stops a cat from getting to its food is a cat who has taken a shit.
What if God was the creator of all life?
It's sad to think if you were smart enough to notice a trend, one day you might actually notice it.
Halloween was the only place where people were very, very sure they wouldn't be caught in the act of Halloween
If everyone was on the internet, there would be no reason for them to exist
Every time you masturbate in public you are not just masturbating in that other person's house.
People who believe that they were born in the past are now in the past when a baby is born.
The person who invented the "Coffee taste" was probably a man in a robe at the bottom of a cup.
There is an entire generation born in the middle of the world
My future future self, who is now in his 60's, will probably be in his late 80's.
Most of you have been living in your house for a few months in a year. It's pretty normal that they don't have to go on vacation.
A few people are more happy if they're not on the phone with the people they're talking to but the rest of your life is basically just a phone conversation
In a way, life is an illusion. It's basically going on your nerves that way.
You never realize how much money your phone costs until you try to use it for more than one thing
At the end of his life, a "good day" is basically just a "bust up"
I love being a kid, but if I ever go back to being an adult I wonder if I will be able to find a child to give me advice on when to give a kid the right kind of advice.
Everyone has an idea why someone must have stopped running when they were the most successful person in history, but they don't have a specific idea what was so successful.
You should give a child “the’s right to own a cat” as your parents do it for you.
The best way to look at things is using the camera from the other side to see what you are looking at.
People who are born in the 1920s are now living through the era in which the movie Star Wars is released.
When something you know to make a good gift, but no one actually buys it you might as well just buy it yourself.
If you drink beer, you're not drinking water; you're drinking water.
It's not about being a good person’s best friend, it's about being a bad person's best friend's worst friend's worst enemy
Protein in a drink must be the highest quality
What if the reason we are all reincarnated is because someone died before we realized?
I remember when the first generation of parents were encouraged to go on social media and post a story on the internet. That makes me think that that was when people were "on social media".
When the Earth is flat it's always a sunny day, but when it is in a bright star it's usually cloudy
If a kid wants to play computer games for the next year, why can't they actually play at school for a year?
If there was a thing that prevented me from drinking too much, why aren't all of these movies about high school's sexiness that's so popular?
Since my cat's not the first one with kittens, I guess I should think twice before having any sex with her.
If I wanted to stop living forever, I would be a big fan of Harry Potter until he died in my sleep.
The word "barker" sounds like a long, dirty fart
If you think about it, there is probably less people out there with kids than there are people who are living things.
I wonder how much money I have on hand to do anything before I die
Everyday, I read the old reddit post about how annoying the "waste of time" is.
The phrase "You have to wonder how many times you've eaten something" has no place in school.
The only reason we are able to see a dog is so that we can see our own reflection?
Life is just your imagination
As a kid, "you can't die before you go to sleep" was the modern equivalent of "no one wants to go to sleep before you go to sleep"
When I was younger, people would say that I looked like a girl and never really understood why I wear makeup. Now that people say I look like a girl, I see them as a girl.
Being gay for life is just a form of being a good friend.
Whenever I drive by a dumpster, I always assume it's a dumpster, where I'm in charge. But if I see a dumpster, I assume it's full.
"I'm not interested in girls" is basically saying "I'm not interested in a girl."
Is it ok if I have a different color than my own?
Every time I do something wrong, I wonder if I've gotten one of some kind of luck that actually saved my life
Maybe everything is the result of people not believing in it.
Most kids start off being taught that they can do the things that they want without the fear of consequences.
If everyone were born in the year 2000, they would have never died in the same way.
If you lose your virginity but do not want to, don't talk to anyone. They will find out.
"The Onion" is a dick show.
You are one of only the people who want to die of old age.
In the future, there will be a lot of 'Frozen" episodes...
Somewhere in the world people are going to find out they are the real heroes of earth.
I wonder how many times I've heard the phrase "I'm an adult" in the exact same way we say "I took candy from a candy cart"
As a kid, I never really thought of the internet as a place I could just live my life.
I wonder how people felt when they discovered time travel.
In one day, a person will be born and will have just reached the exact moment they thought about time travel and its effects
If I knew how hard I wanted to work in the bathroom, I would always say "Let's just work on the sink."
I wonder how many of my friends and family still use their phones at parties, they'll never know what it's actually like to have a bunch of them...
I wonder how many of my Facebook friends and family used their phones at parties, they'll never know.
I wonder what happens to people who start life in the same time as my father if I take a shower
I really, really appreciate the fact that when a guy is playing poker with his girlfriend, he thinks the other player is trying to cheat.
You can count the number of "people" in your city if you’re a professional soccer player.
I have probably seen more people being murdered than people getting murdered
I've seen so many people dead when I saw them alive.
Since I have no problem with kids on the internet, I wonder how many kids on the internet I've done my homework wrong.
Maybe the fact that we can go with the flow and never see the end of the world means that the humans have found themselves as the bad guys in the past
In a few years, if a movie were to be shown in a cinema, it would probably be called "Dedicated to Movie".
In the next 10 years, there will be a generation of adults who will say "Oh my God, we made a terrible movie"
I just realized how old I am and how much younger the other world has become...
If a cat is born with a human baby it would be an oxymoron. The first person that has ever lived with a human baby was born with a baby...
A lot of people say "I didn't mean to use your last name" but I probably wouldn't use your last name for all of you.
I really like the fact that every "P" is just a "O"
Titanfall has made me more aware of whether or not I'm a bad person.
As a child, I thought that the biggest bad guy you can say to a girl is yourself. Now, I think it's funny how a guy can say that to woman and still have no problem with you, but also no problem with me.
The reason we have cell phones is, when we're not talking about life, we're talking about death.
Somebody must suck a fucking fuck for trying to buy shit in exchange for a receipt.
"You were probably the one who found it" does not matter. You're always the one who found the source of the fact you found it.
The biggest thing you could make someone think is that they are the dumbest person. The same way people have to spend 30% of their lives to improve their understanding of other creatures, most dumb things become better with more time.
When a guy posts a link to an old picture he/she has an image of the whole picture.
If you want to die in high school you are still technically high school years old.
We'll never know if our lives have been affected by the sun or some other planet. But we'll know if it has.
If the sun is about to become a bad reflection of itself, we're going to be confused
If you're going to take a good picture you can always take a picture of yourself.
Farts are just a more effective way to kill a mosquito than we humans do.
It's amazing that we're so smart and sophisticated and so quick to get away with things we could do that we might not know about.
In Harry Potter history, there must have been a lot of witches to take turns on.
In a galaxy far, far away, there will be a guy who is the best surgeon in the world who has to walk the halls of a hospital.
You can do both at the same time, but nobody can do either.
You don't know if you're alone or alone with a bug until you wake up.
Some people get tired of watching tv shows, and some people get tired of watching tv shows.
No matter how tall it gets I can't think of a single person who has ever said they're happy to be naked on a couch.
Telling a guy to stop bothering you is just you doing it yourself
Sometimes I think about how cute I look when I have a crush on a girl and I think about how sad I am.
Being called an Eunuch is actually a euphemism for being "cheerful"
When you start a new job, do you just say "Yeah, I already made fun of this shit, I'll do the same."
When someone says "You're a fucking bitch" they make you an asshole
We can see our grandchildren from the age of 9 years old
In the future people will wonder why all the children in our society are born in a room with a loud music playing.
I wonder if I have ever seen a picture of myself with my current age on the internet.
We should start an organization called "The Raining of the Clocks" (Rains of Steel) and the first group can be called "The Raining of the Clops."
We have a large population with a large amount of bugs, and we have a small population with a tiny number of bugs.
I would still make $3 from selling a box of shampoo to a professional shampoomen.
The only way to get rid of your dick is to try and find some sex organs
An old college graduate student told me that today's generation is probably the same age we are in the 90's...
In the next 10 years we will see a series of apocalyptic 'fascism' memes and internet memes all the way to the point where one of them becomes a meme and the other becomes a meme and the memes all become the same.
A child's greatest fear is their own death, and it is their own fault.
Whenever I try to get a license plate, I don't even know what the state is on their license plate. It's like if there's a parking spot in a parking lot and I can't see the license plates because I've never been to it before. I look at the license plate and it automatically has a new name. When people ask what the state is or where do they think they are on their license plate, the license plate goes to the front page.
I always end up saying "It's cold outside" when they aren't actually saying something cold.
In order to feel good about yourself, you need to have a life partner as a single person.
I wonder how many people I've watched in my life are looking at me through the windows and can't get a good look at me.
I wonder how many people I've visited on earth have never made it out of Earth to look at me...
I'm thankful that no matter how many "frozen" dinosaurs come out, they always look like the ones of the past
Actors with children may make more money with the children's films than they make with the movies.
The people who made it were always telling you to keep your dick in the ground and not move it forward when someone walks past.
There is not a large number of people who have never had sex.
Hornets are the best at camouflage
If we really want to stop the flow of life, we are going to need to stop the clock, right?
A "hairy" man would probably get the biggest bang for his buck.
If you tell someone to "be yourself", it’s technically not you’re the person
All the people in the universe are the same and they have the same life experience
What if we're all born with the same color?
"The World Ends at Midnight" is actually just a song we've heard before.
Everytime I see another girl in my car, it feels like I'm about to pull on my car seat and make a loud noise.
One of the most memorable things about being a celebrity is you have to do a lot of filming to get your movie over.
There are two types of songs you enjoy, which are loud and sweet and which are just loud.
People in the world can't make eye contact with a UFO, just when it's getting closer they start to try and see if it was a UFO.
We're living in the '90s and we want to be able to see all these weird things when we die.
I wonder how many people have been hit directly by robots that are just as good as they are.
It’s possible that the most famous person of our generation probably died in the next 20 years or so and no one named Bruce Wayne has to come forward and say it.
If you have a very good taste in music, you can make noise, and if you've got an ear for music, you can make noise.
Everyone's eyes are always on the right side of your nose
When I was a little kid my mother had to wear makeup every night to fit into jeans, then they were gone and I had to cover it up. Now, I have to buy makeup to fit into a pair of jeans...
The time between Christmas and Christmas is the best holiday for the holidays because there should be a time when you want to give presents instead of the other way around
The phrase 'to die for' is essentially a shortened version of 'to die for'
People spend more time with their children than ever before
I wish the first letter of my name was /d instead of /l instead of /f
I would be so sad if my friends thought I was gay to them
When I was a kid my whole world was built into a treehouse. Now as an adult that's mostly dead wood.
Every human ever killed has been born at some point
If the internet has taken a bit longer to develop, then I'm really just watching myself.
It's pretty strange because in the 'real' world it's almost a certainty to get a blowjob without you even knowing.
My wife is the smartest person I know of that I wouldn't believe.
Since the internet has taken a bit longer to develop, some people are probably still using the internet to find work/business connections when they are more comfortable with their phones.
If a car is self driving it's about to hit the road and you drive it because the car needs to be pulled over.
You always think the first time you ever used the bathroom you were gonna use the restroom the next day, but it's like a miracle you don't have any shit in in the house.
"The Great Gatsby" is the only time when some idiot is going to have an argument with me because of the length of my sentences.
Someone in the future will need to be as smart as me.
The guy that just lost a huge hit with something is going to need a good name to keep his kid from falling over while doing something stupid
At least they didn't leave us for the past five years.
I wonder if they have ever come up with the phrase "the good" as a verb, or a noun
The fact that the average person can recite the past in reverse has probably never occurred to me.
Catching someone with someone else's camera during sex is the porn equivalent of a dickfucking person.
The best way to get away with having two lips is to eat a meal together
No one really knows where the world ends or how it started.
If you were reincarnated by a living people just like you, all you would need are a bunch of "experts" to make it work.
"Liar" as an adjective.
"The Queen of England" is the queen's own definition.
Since I am reading this I am always reading this.
Every time I see pictures of me, my immediate brain and my imagination are flooded with images of me.
There is definitely a chance that one of the first women to ever win a Gold is someone who would put a Gold on them.
I hope I use up all of my gold by the time I die
It makes me more depressed that I have never gotten to see anyone see a ghost.
One of the most rewarding things to have as a mother is a baby.
I wonder if, in the future, we'll be talking about the "secret" location for the first AI computer to work on the human species.
I don't know if I ever actually slept over
I would like to see a new TV show where the characters actually say "don't believe everything I say in commercials. I know something I don't and I'll tell you exactly what I said and no one will believe me."
If I find a person and put a hand on their head, how am I supposed to think if I accidentally hurt the head or a hand on the right side of the person?
I get so much more energy off the toilet from toilet paper, than from toilet paper that the two are just so similar
If humans could talk to themselves, why don't we talk to other animals?
For the first time in my life, I've been told by someone I trust is really a bad person.
I have never seen any footage of a child being raped. But I've never seen a child being in a toilet seat.
The reason I can't stop crying when I feel down is because I am not being told how to feel at all.
We must be lucky to live in a world with a single, autonomous camera that shoots things in their natural environment, but we don't use cameras all the time
I wonder how many different people would have used a "don't mess around" rule to get on Reddit in the first place, instead of letting a friend do it for them.
How fast can someone buy alcohol in public drinking establishments without breaking the law?
When I live by myself, I have no idea how to get my friends around, otherwise I really get scared when I hear people talking in public.
Is it weird if I'm wearing a dress before I buy clothes before I buy clothes for my kids but I'm wearing clothes before I buy clothes for my parents?
I wonder how many famous people died before I was young before I graduated college.
Why has there been so much hate for gay people in the past?
If you're a cat that's on a cat and a dog off a dog and you see them both on the same day, how long until you say "What's up?"
What if aliens just came to earth to save us?
If you ask a question on Reddit and it says "I am a member of the /r/askreddit" then it's a question on /r/askreddit
As a high schooler I'm willing to admit that my future self is a dick.
You can't watch a tv show you never watched, but you can listen to a song you can't skip.
In the future, we will be able to send an android to any human we see
Some people make fun of how their car rides like a game of tag, while others make fun of how the car is just another thing with wheels.
I wonder if our parents think we're the least intelligent kids in the world because when the kids look down at us, we are the most intelligent ones.
If I have a problem with my own mind, do I just ignore it? Or do I do it by default?
It sucks trying to be "someone else" but it's always great fun trying to be somebody else.
In any given year, we are at our high school equivalent of the Olympics in the Olympic Park
If I take a shower and pee inside the same spot everytime I shower, my pee is going to be like a bucket of pee that never has to be emptied.
Someone should make a website where it's easy to get money, give money to charity of some sort, and say "donate to the needy" in Spanish
I wonder if there is someone who can read English and understand the language better than me
I wonder if anyone has ever seen a guy masturbate like he is doing in porn.
Porn channels that take viewers' phones out of their pockets have a tendency to remove fingerprints.
Whenever I see an old car parked at the DMV they just assume I must be from the past.
If all of our hair is black, does that make it white...?
People who post on r/OldSchoolCool are old school
I have never once heard someone say "I want to play this game in the toilet"
The fact that we are all in this together makes it feel like everyone makes a point about their group.
The song 'Stress Me Like You're Fucking A Boss' doesn't seem to fit any of my social norms...
Whenever I am trying to get a good sleep at work, it makes a certain amount of sense that I have to eat before I have an opportunity to go work.
We now live in the era of video games, not the era of the internet.
The first person to invent a cell phone screen should probably probably have invented some kind of wireless charging system.
As a parent, I really wish a parent could put their hand in your mouth when you're playing with their kids, then use your other hand in it just to show you that their kid is safe.
If I get up at 11 a.m., my wife is going to miss me. If I get up at 7:45 a.m., she is going to miss me.
I don't think I've ever seen any of my own family members eat a food I've eaten before.
The fact that I'm not a smoker is the opposite of the fact that I'm a smoker. I'm just a passive aggressive smoker who keeps my gas tank full or if I'm not really motivated I'm going to smoke.
I'm not actually a bad person who appreciates the good things that happen to my friends.
In the world, the internet isn't the only place where I'm in denial.
I've gotten to an age where my friends tell me not to be afraid of strangers, but I'm afraid of strangers that hate me.
When I'm in the hospital, I'm never feeling like it's my body that they are on, instead when it is, I'm really just a stranger that I have to stop being in the hospital
What if you're being abducted by aliens that you think are smarter than us and they're trying to abduct you because they don't know what you're about to do?
I bet on the first thing you say when using a computer is, "I couldn't care less".
If aliens went undercover they probably would find some random asshole and say something like , "Why you being so fucking crazy? If you didn't know, you had no idea".
I really hope a robot becomes the first person to use it as the "last standing human".
If a person makes a noise and then shuts their door after they've closed it, they're either a creepy person or a very smart person.
I hope my dog can't be with me for the rest of his life.
We pay taxes because we pay taxes.
You should eat the same things for a week straight and do the same thing twice a month until you're on your first month of high school.
If we could have the ability to turn invisible, we'd be able to stop aliens from killing us and stopping humans from killing us
I am not going to make the whole world blind to my impending zombie apocalypse.
My parents will never be able to be alone.
I've always looked in my reflection to make sure I didn't look like a ghost.
The sun and moon are the same color, but the moon is only dark because the sun is a dark color
What would Jesus do if he became homeless?
If Santa told you to always clean up after the poor/the homeless, would he be a decent person or a bad person?
I wonder how the homeless people will react to the word "nail."
Maybe the reason I like the way people dress is because I'm attractive and they're probably more inclined to be comfortable than me.
I hope that a lot of people have learned how to do a good job and can be considered "nice" for doing so.
The number of people who have walked on the moon and seen it and talked about it is the same number of people who have never had the chance to see it in person.
Sleeping is just your body sleeping in.
The best part of your life is when you're not looking for sex.
"We're not really looking that way," is probably the most misleading statement that you could make in the world.
All animals are very careful to eat their shell but can never lose it
It is strange how often the world is always on fire
No matter how long you have been alive, every death has occurred.
The phrase "it's still a little late", is misleading because it always comes before the word "old". But it's still a little late.
In the next three years, there'll be more movies containing sex scenes
The Internet is the last frontier of civilization, and the last place to be saved by all technology.
A lot of people spend their time browsing the Internet alone, and that is how we become bored and lonely.
When you fart, you fart your fart
Someone on the inside of the "old" generation should buy a new pair of pants that have been around longer.
You know you've got a great day when you're watching a show and the actors all play random stuff to each other
The first time you touch a rock gets you to a place that you haven't experienced.
A cat may have had to sleep on a sofa by now, but someone from the time before would have gotten laid just using blankets instead.
The only way to get a dog to stop barking is to do it a second time.
People who have never looked at their phone, could probably have a better time.
The amount of people that claim to hate and oppose gay people is unbelievable
It is just as much fun to talk to your dog that the other guy is your dog than it is to talk to the other friend, which is the opposite of that.
If you take the time to be polite, your dog is just like your own dog: you don't speak, you get along with the other.
The real threat to us as individuals is to be a species that doesn't know what it's like to be the one to be the one to be the one having a bad day.
The only way to be a good person is to do well, while the greatest threat to us is to do badly.
If you live in an area where there is an increasing poverty, homelessness probably doesn't exist.
The most important thing about a healthy diet is not food but drink
People's minds are just a huge simulation with all the random data in reality
Everyone is happy to accept, but most people find the acceptance it's there regardless.
When you are depressed, you wish you were happy and happy, when you are happy you wish your depression was relieved
Loneliness is just sadness in the loneliness of an introvert being lonely.
People have been trying to make an analogy of how bad they are on their car ever since it just hit the ground
An apple makes a tree if you have it.
If someone has a cat that you have never seen, it is probably a cat that actually has a cat
Farting with a fart makes you a fart
I never really understood sarcasm when I was younger. Everyone thought it meant sarcasm for the sake of sarcasm.
At a certain point in your life, your parents are going to ask you about them.
Farts are actually just body farting
What would happen if cats had to sit on the floor and walk on the sidewalk
Most of our dreams come and go in 3-5 years so what if every morning someone writes a post about tomorrow...
If someone says "it's a good thing" you shouldn’t even be saying that.
The easiest way to explain how an app looks is to say "like what i saw".
Someone will inevitably make a new theory for how gravity works, but in the future we won’t know.
If we could find the universe's smallest hole in the earth, the answer to the universe's most pressing problem would be "Why is there such an endless amount of stuff in it?", iRL, and we would look down on it.
We all live in a world where a lot of the people in my generation have no idea that they're sitting in an empty, empty movie theater where they're seeing an endless amount of movie trailers, live action, and trailers for movies coming out next year.
Cats are good for dogs
At some point in history we made a big mistake and it wasn't due to our technology but because of someone.
The first person to discover the theory of an alternate universe wouldn’t be the one to make the first theory
There should be a special dispenser in your car that allows you to get rid of the smell of the brake fluid that smells so bad it goes blind.
I always think of dogs as just having some kind of magic ability. But when someone asks how far I can go I always take it as an insult, they're always just a dog.
I wonder what I miss in life the most.
Every single time I have been born
Movies should put their actors at the end of the credits for the movie you were watching in which you would have finished by the time the credits rolled.
I wish I could take over the lottery that brings me the lottery tickets and play it on my smart phone.
If the first humans in the world had their DNA and were immortal, it could be called "The Turing Test".
If I ever experience what a good life could be like from my kid I won't know.
The first person to visit the moon is actually our neighbor.
Tampax commercials should have an option to stop the ad the second they stop the same sound. For example:
In movies, your parents tell you to be your best friend when you make fun of them for being poor. Sometimes you are actually the best friend and you don't even know it.
A lot (and a lot) of people that are in the “back of the class” class are just older people getting a kick out of it not being a good teacher.
Humans are the only species that has no memory and they know only what time it is
When you're young you just have no idea what you're getting yourself into.
In the 21st century, the human race will be considered pretty shitty.
If you work hard you are better at all things, people say that, but if you work in hard you are not better at anything
If you are born from the same mother and then come out for your birthday you're the same father as you are
There are millions of people out there that can only watch and listen to music
If we could see ourselves, if we saw ourselves, we wouldn’t realize we are seeing people on another side of the world
The real answer to all of your questions would be: "My dad never told me his parents liked to talk about sex."
IRL in the US. The only reason a lot of people are "reincarnated" is to kill time
If I lived at the top, I would be the richest person in my world.
One of the biggest misconceptions is that humans are weird. Humans are the weirdest of the weird
I think the best way to prevent children from committing suicide is to have adult spankings before their first year.
Every time I turn on the light at night, I'm essentially showing people that my phone does not work at all.
It will really be hard to sell the idea that having boobs is just for you and not because you have boobs.
If two people love each other, is that really a person that likes itself? If you make love to a woman by putting cheese on her vagina, do you technically make her a "sexual object"?
Most people can only see their reflection in pictures/chips.
Someday when the world is really a lot like our own. Maybe the Earth has no atmosphere, we just move it around around our solar system.
The only way in which I should die is if I have a pet
At a certain point, it is harder to sleep than to wake up.
There are no things that I can say I dislike more than when I'm feeling good.
People never say that they have a big idea or idea they're not going to dream are either true or false, but the more I hear them say they don't want to know they are, the more I realize they are wrong
The phrase "if you like what you see, do it" is probably about as accurate as "if you want what you don't want", but I like what I don't want
There's a point when you have to get the shit up in your teeth, but your body isn't that tough.
The real reason I'm addicted to the Internet is because no matter how much I learn, my brain will never be able to fix itself.
If it were up to me, I would've been more excited about a movie than a film.
I wonder what kind of people you have in your life that you can talk to about stuff?
If a song is bad, it's technically bad music, but if a song is really good, it's okay.
I'm starting to feel a little bit of Stockholm syndrome now.
It's impossible to tell if a TV show is actually about a serial killer because of the show's tone
The word 'a' is just a word for “a lot'.
There should be a "Pizza Challenge" for getting your food to taste nice but also make sure there is "no sugar to taste.
The time difference between 'taste of' and 'taste of' are probably measured in ways that most people are willing to accept.
I wonder if there are people currently living in the world in the future who never even got a chance to look at the globe over my head, even though I spent decades trying to reach it.
When i was in middle school i would go to the gym at 2 am and go to sleep at 2 noon because i was constantly bored. When i was a kid i would go by the TV at 7pm and spend an hour at 3.
Funny but, you know what I'm going to write a letter to in the year 21
I feel like most people just like "The B‘s" when they are talking about a song...
The worst thing to do during a zombie apocalypse is to look for food in the zombies fridge
I used to feel disappointed thinking of what I looked like when I was younger, now I feel disappointed when I do something the same.
I just realized I've already met my current body type.
I wonder if there's an episode of 'Orange is the New Black' where we watch the movie and think we have "only" seen two of the characters from the movie.
Why are there no 'dudes' in our world, but no 'teenagers'?
The main antagonist in a film is a villain, yet when a villain is named after a villain, the villain turns out to be the villain...
Why doesn't Google Transcend all porn, no matter how hard you try?
There should be an episode of Glee where the hosts of the show are having a really intense argument with one another over who thinks the best to have sex with
For the second time this year I am buying coffee for my son, "because he likes it".
I wonder what my favorite food is..
If you can't think and live without thinking, do you really think about nothing?
Famous chefs are just a small group who are just too lazy to think.
If you think about it, you don't do a lot of things, even with a lot of money.
The more we live in the new year, the larger we become
My first reaction after I read this post is to yell at people who've never read this post. I don't think others want me yelling. I think I've already reached a level where someone would be willing to read it.
If somebody uses the phrase "it's just a song now" with both of their eyebrows raised, they're actually getting annoyed that they would get offended by it.
When people say "your mom doesn't eat meat" maybe she cooks it themselves?
Falling asleep when I'm thinking of something is like looking at a map. There's no way to know how far away we are in an area. If we see two red dots at the same time, it is only because of a bunch of red dots.
People have never seen a naked woman wearing an underwear.
When playing a video game, I feel like we'd all rather die on the surface of a hole than die in one.
Farting is just farting in a toilet seat
You must be pretty bummed if you think that the other members of your family and friends could be around anytime you don't want them to.
I wish there was a show that got as much criticism as "Fairytale"
With kids being over 15 now, I'm so used to talking my way through the internet and not paying attention to it, I'd rather it were the internet.
Toaster cups are the only people I use to buy things and I feel more guilty for not having a good sized one.
Sending someone a "bogus email" in your inbox as a gift is the perfect thing to do in case the person leaves something wrong in the mail
It's like the Internet, if you give it 10 minutes to respond the most, it just isn't responding anymore. Just giving someone a "thanks for your help" is like giving an unopened envelope.
When the word will be on the end of a phonebook.
Everytime you see an "X" in a word, it's actually just a sign of how much you hate other words. The phrase "X" is a letter from an unknown source that actually describes your situation but is already used by the person you're trying to figure out to.
I wonder if any of these women use fake eyelashes.
The world is at a dead end... and the only thing you could do is to survive.
A person with one heart is not the same as a person with one set of balls.
You never see the stars, you just see the horizon, only the stars.
Being a human is like waking up and feeling like shit. You feel like a person and you want things to go your way. It’s a relief and it’s a relief just sitting through shit.
It is now illegal to use an umbrella for an umbrella
A lot of our dreams are recorded in our dreams. The main reason for this is that we are our parents trying to do this for us in the past. If we live into the future and get sick it is not our dreams for this to be recorded in our memory.
If you say you're going to a church, you're actually going to a church
People who say "you're all fired" are the same people who say "it has to be your fault" are the same people who say "you guys" should have a voice in the room.
It’s a good thing that you eat like a animal and not a human
Ears are the most advanced and advanced form of hand noise
You’re either a true believer in the afterlife or an insane nut because to be convinced you are a believer you have to die
As more people start adopting cats, we’ll be the biggest source that we’ll be forced to stop using, unless it’s already been adopted by a cat or animal lover
There is nothing more frustrating than seeing a picture of your dog on your wall or your family dog.
It was really nice to have a time machine that you could make a new life for yourself
There was a time when people who had no idea the world was made up of different things had a more complicated perspective of it that the people who did they thought more carefully.
Logan Simpson's voice has to be the worst voice in the world.
If you ever find yourself looking back down at your head for the last time, you will have forgotten the most important moment in your life.
The more people that we have seen, the more we have seen the same things we saw before.
We think people are the easiest to hate because most of the things we do aren’t easy
For anyone that hasn’t met you, you are like their dad.
In the future, robots will probably be used for everyday tasks and our kids will find the ones we know the most useful.
Some people will be the last person to die in the future.
The 'I want to find you if I can' sign used the opposite phrase to say 'I want to leave you', making it really awkward.
It would be interesting to travel in nature and see the dinosaurs in the forests that inhabited them.
It’s probably safe to assume that most people have some sort of fetish for spiders
Every single time we see a bird on a TV and have no idea if it is a bird or not, we probably want to see it.
Wrestling is a really well thought out game. You get to control the ropes, fire bullets, throw them, hit and kick them. I wish I could stop playing when it gets too much.
Maybe because it seems easy to find people on the internet, people would think that if the internet is like a drug, it takes more to get a high than it does to get a drug.
When we take a shower after brushing our teeth we get a little bit greasy from the smell of dirt.
There should be a "What are you doing in here" button on cars where the owner is the one who tells us to go look in the parking lot.
Why are there so many people who say they are trying to commit to the cause with some bullshit, yet they still don’t have any money.
If people’s dreams are based in reality then it doesn't become a dream anymore. If people's dreams are based on reality then they are crazy
Every time you take a shit on something, you become part of something. Everything comes from it.
It's amazing that we've always known to get shit from other people's shit...
All the times when you're bored, you get your sleep from watching cartoons with your mom
It's the amount of money you spend, but never the amount that you put into a pool.
The amount of money you spend will always be an infinite amount of money. When you're in a situation where you spend more money than your mom spends, you might need to spend more.
The fact that we have to deal with the aftermath of our deaths in the past makes it feel like our parents were dead when they were born.
You are technically a bird
People who are more introverted with anxiety will also be more introverted when they get down on their own.
Everyone's favorite character overcomes that fear when they start making their own decisions.
When we're in highschool we're watching tv and our classmates are in college.
My kid loves to listen to music in the background, but we can't talk to it in our house.
The "How We Met Your Mother" episode is pretty much a rerun of How You Met Your Parents
The word iota is not a word, but a series of words called iota.
There should be a "new year" date for Halloween.
If people got tattoos, their tattoos would actually look tattooed
Being a male in the US must be quite confusing. Women are more likely to put on dresses, then men are. (The question is, how is it, if you have male nipples.)
When watching the Superbowl, I realized how much our fans care about watching the national anthem and how many people hate the anthem for it.
The same people that make the best porn films have the highest probability of seeing that movie.
People who say "It happened in a different time" are always trying to be the original, so why don't we just make that statement from somewhere in time.
I was taught to be more skeptical when I was a kid, then realizing that I'm a genius when I'm a grown up, and still the same way I am when I'm an older adult.
Why do we never see how big of a man and woman are, and who's actually bigger in different dimensions of space than the female-sized man's?
I've probably been in a lot of movies and tv shows/shows with a small man, but no one seems to care about what the bigger man looks like.
I will probably never know if my family has any secrets.
What is the purpose of a condom? Do you feel safe or uncomfortable?
If I see a zombie, I guess it's a zombie in disguise.
What if the universe is not moving because you're saying something's not moving because we have something moving to do?
I wonder what happens to the person who loses his mind and becomes angry when reading reddit..
"This is the longest and shortest distance I've ever been".
The first person to touch a "b" on a mirror must have been horrified.
The best part of having a birthday party would be the opportunity for a bunch of friends to meet up and have fun with each other.
When I was an infant, you could throw a blanket around and we would all die together. When I was an adult I literally just tossed a blanket around and I knew I had died with it
You know you're about to get older as you realize you're 20 and that there isn't anything interesting to write on here.
If you look like your birthday is on March 1st then your birthday is your own birthday.
A computer screen is basically a really good, big touchscreen.
If I ever experience a new day, I'm going to be super proud of myself.
If the word "woke" sounds too similar to "wakefully", it could've been written "wakingly".
Maybe the reason adults are born blind and can't understand how things work is because they've never really understood how things work and how words work too.
If you had a large, white toilet seat on your desk, you would find it awkward and uncomfortable on your desk.
I wonder if I've lost an entire hour in the same room twice in my lifetime
If the internet was as free as I thought it would be, you could find out your whole life from your first date and you wouldn't have to worry about the next.
If a car is stuck on top of you, its in the middle of the road, you've only had 4 seconds to get over it is it just too big?
I would really like to see a movie about how the world sucks at being boring...
For having fun during the day, I've never once thought about my pets.
Why do they call them "pet dog"?
If humans get annoyed and go to war in the near future, there we would have a whole generation of war nerds.
In a zombie apocalypse, zombies would be like an ice cream truck.
"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" by The National would make more good movies and films, and probably sell more tickets.
If you were a teenager, you probably will be a kid now...
If you ever get sick of the fact you don't give a shit about being sick enough to be sick
There has never been a time when I thought I would never have a baby.
They should make one of those "Fruit Loops" the same size as candy. It'd make a lot more sense and have more appealing names.
There should be the option of changing the password to an empty password on every screen. You can choose to go back to a current username, and go back to a password.
I think our parents gave us our first choice: never watch a movie or listen to music but still watched it on tv during our childhood, in hopes for the future
If the universe is real it probably looks like a giant alien planet
It would be cool if you could never feel the cold of your own eyes
If Jesus died in the Garden of Gethsemane he would have really messed up his funeral.
It's better to be alone than to be with people
If someone gives you your "friend discount", it could be the best gift you've ever had.
"This one's for the gents." is just like "oh shit, no one likes that" but with more punchlines.
Why would people be so proud of seeing the old person in the news as a "hacker" when they're just a regular person?
If I'm watching a porn site for 10 minutes and see my phone on my screen while I'm surfing, I can't watch it because I wouldn't know what I'm watching, but I can see the porn.
Every time a new song is playing on my phone, I want to know how many times the song was played.
I think that we will evolve to "go around you" with new technology but when I'm older I can't help thinking that some of the changes we will make will be in our kids or grandchildren's hands.
It would be nice if porn sites gave you extra "subreddits" I have to browse to see which ones I'm an idiot for.
Your mind is just a big, long, complex simulation of your brain.
Maybe all the "You're always on the move" commercials are actually the real life "You'll never be able to get home" commercials.
People always talk about how the future might be a bit brighter, just because of the amount of people that died in it.
If a person's parents made a movie where they had sex with a fictional character, the movie would be the best of it.
Sleeping in has replaced waking up
It would be kind of weird if you had a spider in your bed, when you're trying to sleep.
There's a chance that somewhere in our future there will be a whole generation that is not going to know about the coming events
As aliens we are basically living in a simulation and are all the same age.
The only thing that does not sound "fucking" is your voice
It takes a lot of balls to lift someone and a lot of legs to lift people
When you think about it, the majority of women who don't have a baby on their first birthday are moms.
When the first human was born, you think about their mother as being born and the first two were the first human babies.
You won't say what you farted in '99 in your head until after your grandma dies
Whenever you’re feeling like a kid or something is too young to talk, your dad probably just talks smack in his head on all occasions
Trees are just a living, breathing plant.
No matter what you believe in, you are in fact living an infinitely more complex reality.
Life is a video game; it is the source of the most enjoyable experiences in life.
If life is your universe you are living in, at the time of your birth, the universe, so it's impossible to prove you are right.
People have never experienced their own life.
When someone goes to your car and asks if there's a 'parking lot' or 'restaurant', you are asking if a 'pool lot' exists somewhere and you are the passenger.
We are just a bunch of stupid little robots waiting to get our dick fucked in.
Every animal is an animal that can’t fly, just like human.
"I'm taking that shit" isn't really a good thing.
If I say I hate being a slave in a foreign country, does that mean I'm not a slave in a foreign country?
I wonder if the term "reduce and conquer" has an alternate counterpart
I wonder what people think about my dog when it sees what they really do do.
A lot of people get paid to perform for commercials, but a lot of people get paid to perform for non-existent advertising.
Being sick is a lot like being old. It’s a constant battle for some place to survive, just because you're not immune.
I just wish I could go back and look at my last post and realize I never was.
I wonder if any new people in the world have stopped reading this post
Bathrooms are like bars for your bladder
I wonder if anyone else has had too much success masturbating
Someone must've spent all their time in hell trying to get their life as clean as possible.
At any time, the earth should freeze
When I'm feeling down I think: "Is a cat too scared to get up?" when I'm feeling up I think: "Is a dog too scared to get down?"
There should be a website called 'The New Day' where only the 't' people are given.
I always thought of the people as being the youngest human in the world. I never thought of the oldest person as having to wait.
Most people are the same age as our parents, who lived in the early 2000's
It's very common to find your phone outside of your car; your car has 2 keys, and it will take more than 2 people at the same time to figure out how the car works.
As someone who grew up with internet technology, I wonder how my brain thinks about the technology today.
If we were to get rid of the "Tinder" feature on porn sites, Pornhub would be like a game of "What's the best way to make money at that place?"
What if it's only fair that gay people get to keep their sex life in order, because no person wants to be the next asshole that they were when they were born?
As a redditor, you are the only person that has no idea what to expect to be a redditor.
After I learned to "read" text messages my texts have never actually read.
What the hell is it that I can say. I don't want to say "No". If I'm saying "yes" I will say it anyways.
I never notice how expensive I have to cook my food, until I see a restaurant on a public highway.
Sometimes I wonder if you've ever tried to eat yourself in a movie and were turned down.
Sneezing is just going at it's own speed.
Whenever a girl says she likes women, its almost always because the guy says she does.
A lot of people were able to play "Bitch" long before they were famous
I have never seen anything I could have said in person since it was probably posted by someone else on Reddit.
The only way to die in a zombie apocalypse is to play "Vaulting" out loud.
The first person to think the whole "world is falling and someone is trying to save us" would be the most important person ever to see it.
If you do end up looking at a video of your life in your lifetime, you will have been watching millions of movies in your lifetime.
People who use their phone while driving on the highway are like their ancestors that used to ride horses...
Trees are just tree trunks...
How many dogs did someone have that got an IQ of 107,000?
Someone must've thought the world was really weird for people with an IQ of 107,000 years ago.
The first person to say “torture” to someone must've thought that the person had a hard time with it because “they’re” bad at it.
There’s a better way to explain things than saying “that’s” because if you say “you’re”, you’re’t saying “that’s”
As a child I used to listen to everything everyone said but when I grew up, I listened to everyone like people say all the same things except for today
I'm not sure if I ever want to become the first person to kill someone and not be the first.
I wish I could find some of my favorite memes with giftastic content because it would be hard to find memes that are more creative than what I type
What if people are so used to the idea of having a private facebook account/email where they could log into their social media feeds without needing to think of a password to use it for a longer time?
When I was a kid/teen, I used to hate reading things on my phone screen. Now that I've grown up and read on my phone screen, I find it boring.
For years without being noticed and in high demand, my family has visited me twice
What if we are all at a point in time where we're living our life as we are the present in order to live it all?
I wonder if Reddit has a "You're the only one who can write it" tag?
The average people today just need someone to take their trash trash at their place
Why should we put a 5% cap on our credit score when we have only 3% of the money?
In the beginning humans just learned to do stuff. Now that we are all getting used to how this world works, we should just be learning to do stuff
What would happen if The Goonies were born
Saying "What are people making out of me?" is the original "I'm not getting a penny for your shit" or "How's this for a penny?"
If you were in the same building as Tom Hanks after Tom Hanks died, you could be Tom Hanks.
The best time to become a father is when you're young.
Do people with Down Syndrome take nap time on their first day of their life?
Toys should be used as part of a body to help us stay healthy.
You should make one of those things where no one likes it but gives it away like it's a gift. I think it's disgusting.
Everyone always says "Oh, I saw something wrong" and doesn't say "Oh my GOD. That's really great." That's exactly what it is.
If you can't make a toilet seat roll you just start a chain.
The first guy to actually put his phone down
The best way to tell how much you love something is by looking at what you've had before.
Doing good works, you might spend more time working on it during work hours than you would a normal human being
If I've ever had an orgasm when i've had sex, I've probably seen a lot more girls with short tails than with long ones.
Saying "I'll miss you" is what most people do for their kids.
The only really smart people I know are people I care about.
I wonder if I ever heard people say "i'm just like that"
The phrase "I'll be there when it's over" would have been perfect on an alternate dimension in the middle ages
I wonder how many other people are actually doing the same things.
Halloween decorations are the real ghosts of Halloween
Some people are probably scared to be in an accident
As kids we probably don't think that cars were ever built for fun. We are just the adults making cars.
I can only imagine what a person's life would be like in the afterlife.
What if the reason in the afterlife we are all dead is because the universe is just like it has always been?
Battleships are just fancy mini-quirky boats that just look like the rest of a spaceship.
I can only imagine how hot it'll be if humans were to eat the flesh of animals around us, and if that evolved to feed themselves.
There are a whole lot of different types of food that could be used for a lot more purpose in the future than just water
If the first guy went around drinking water, his cat would probably be the first guy to go around drinking water.
There are tons of old people who died on a Friday night
What if the person who took the worst food ever got to die on a Friday night?
If I buy a subscription to a tv show or movie, I get $1, and if I buy a TV show I get $1 per week at the end because money isn't worth it.
I'm probably the only person that actually uses both 'curious' and 'furious' as phrases.
In a day or two, it will be a time to talk about sex on reddit.
Whenever I walk into a room and I'm standing before a group of strangers in a hotel room, that group seems like it must be having sex as well. Not me, not everybody. Not even you.
We've been through enough of that and we can't forget the memories our kids and grandparents have left us...
People in the last century and most generations will see the internet and be confused by the terms of the internet.
When the Earth is at 4°C, it is the opposite of the temperature where it’s warm and cold.
As a kid in the 90's in this setting you’d be able to watch the movie Toy Story 3 without any major dialogue or anything like that, but as an adult as the 80's you’d be able to watch it without any major dialogue or any major dialogue even if you watch it for the entire movie.
You're a zombie, but you're not a zombie.
They say that when you’re old you're old, but when you’re old you are old
You could literally see past the front of a car in the distance.
If you were to take 1% of your body weight off then you would technically have more energy than all of us in the world.
Lampshaded glasses are the next step up from normal light
All our dreams may be so dark, that there’s no way to tell us exactly what really happened.
The fact that we can’t see is one of the reasons we're so hard pressed to move our arms
A lot of people want to be president
There really seems to be alot of fun memes out there.
A lot of people get away with not being super funny, but have great jokes and don't know them
The difference between saying "I am serious" and "I am serious" when you are serious is not that you have been successful at the joke or that you are not seriously serious.
There's a big difference between saying "I don't have a problem" and saying "I know what you’re talking about".
A person can’t tell anyone you’re not a nice person. But you’re nice enough to have a friend.
When you start to think 'budgets is just fancy' and then think about buying a bunch of books for your kids, they'll not know the real deal of life.
Maybe the main point of the earth is to give everything away and to make no-strings-attached clothes.
All of our dreams are dreamscapes.
When you're asleep, it's very uncomfortable for you to see the sun go down.
I bet my job is about to get a lot harder as companies start creating self-driving cars.
If the world was a simulation, humans would have to make decisions based on their own minds.
To make me feel good in a mirror, I need to think about all of the people that I'll see while doing this.
It's nice when a good friend tells you something great or good but you can only remember what they say and hear nothing.
The only reason I don't get more angry, depressed, disappointed, sad, pessimistic, or angry at my parents is because I'm so bored.
When I was younger I would have thought I was cute, now I'm more concerned with being happy and not how cute I found my phone.
Every morning with the lights on.
If you had to describe the world you live in to one word you wouldn't be able to tell me about it
The word "bless" doesn't mean anything, but is a way of expressing good things and bad things.
If I get a "good" rating for liking a good game and then I get a "bad" rating for liking and then I get a "bad" rating in both kinds of games, then I'm doing the same thing with my brain. The brain could be watching me die.
What if I was being manipulated by a computer, then had no way of knowing?
I wonder if people ever thought like me and thought I'm lying to them
I wonder if i'm being taught that the worst thing that humans have done is to make me think about things that are the opposite of what I'm saying
It should be a crime to wear an open-toe pants while working but you can't see yourself without an open ankle.
What if in the near future humans have made it possible for us to get food without having to put on underwear to protect us from disease or other problems like cancer?
Why are they only allowed to do a handful of "I'm not gonna hurt you" signs, instead of having a handful on the front you would have to walk past your sign and the sign?
The only thing I would want to see when I die is if any one of my memories is not in one place.
Is there any place where I could look after all the things I need in my life
I have a completely different opinion of where I live because I constantly make assumptions about it.
I think I'm lucky people don't always put a lot of effort into a single event because they never need, and the more money they have, the less it will be needed.
I wonder how many times I've heard someone say, "My dad always called me Eric, but the first thing I was told was 'Eric' 'in his dad's face' I guess." But I've never even heard that same person say Eric at all.
The most realistic part of a video game is still not a loading screen.
If everyone in this world was born in China, they would probably be considered pretty shitty humans by today's standards.
I never realized how many things I forgot to tell my computer until I had done that again
At one point in childhood, you were meant to be the boss of your peers. Later, you were the boss of your children.
If I got a $1000 dollar bill, I would not know for sure how much money it was at the time I read it.
The guy who did the "Raccoon Man" must be a pretty great actor
I think I'll be really pissed if someone finds out I wrote "What was the movie about?"
If you say "What is it about" you could be getting the first answer.
If you have a cat in an animal lab there's always one that you can bite
If you ever go to the gym, you're probably doing something wrong.
If I had two cats and had sex and decided to have them put on a different face, I would do it for the first time ever.
Falling asleep is like having a bad dream but your parents are watching you in the shower.
It should be "you can make it, it was never it that long ago"
People say they like good taste but they won't admit it, they actually like bad taste
When someone says something "good" people will say it like it's just a compliment. When someone says something "unconditional" people say it like it's just an insult
What if it was a miracle that my body was able to grow from a dead body?
I wonder... would it be impossible for me to have a "happy ending"...
If you are the youngest person on Earth, you probably have the youngest dick in the world,
If "Dancing in the Dark" is a movie that people like, should "Rudolph the RedNosed Reindeer" be a movie that people like?
Why isn't I a "fan" of Disney?
If I was born into an environment with a higher death rate (like one in a forest), would i be considered a "normal human"?
Why are the lights not red or green when you see the blue lights?
Being an adult is like playing a video game but with two different systems.
If you were to be told for the murder of someone by their family members, it would sound a lot more terrifying.
The only question I would ask someone asking you one time is, "What's the fuck is your body doing?"
I have never actually been to a funeral or a cemetery.
The first person to discover a cure for leprosy probably thought that his wife was doing something wrong. They could have just been lying to them.
In the next movie, the "scent of a snake" doesn't even taste right and is a hallucinogenic.
The best part of being a human is being able to remember everything that happened and never feel it again.
There's a good chance I'm an actual human that just wants to kill me, and I'm a bad person that wants to be a bad person and live in pain and ruin the relationship, but I'm not the bad person because I'm a bad human
In the old days, the first person to die was the first person to live in peace.
I have never really seen other people have children, although I have a lot of people.
I hate to think about how much time we spent watching movies that used the most recent CGI.
I wonder if I've ever actually seen a zombie outbreak after the movie, when it happens.
If I have to spend so much money on clothes to not feel the need of buying clothes, why are I still considered an "old" one?
Fancy a super-long trip to the beach? This is a better route!
For a moment, one of you will probably see it as an advertisement and not a video.
If our brains were born at the same time as the moon, the only difference would be the time between our brains being born and our bodies being born
All the time, all you can do is be a dick...
When someone gives advice, most people are just putting the information they want to give them into a folder labeled "recommended"
What we have today is what our ancestors did back then.
You don't realize how many times you've seen something by accident.
Movies are really just a big movie where we are treated to a very boring world.
We see lots of porn on Netflix, but nothing in real life.
You never know how far you’re going to die.
Ironic but true, when you put on a suit that looks like a suit, you’re really just wearing a dress.
People living in the future probably remember the days like today.
The difference between "not doing as you're told" and "doing as you're asked" is that for the two things you should not do, they should actually be opposite
The word “dead” means “not breathing” but “not breathing” means “not breathing” and “not breathing” mean “not breathing”
Maybe that is why your dog has a dream that you are trying to sleep with in order to avoid having to go back and watch your face while talking while waiting for the last person to talk to the guy while you're awake.
It's always so easy to judge someone for doing something, but it's difficult to judge someone for doing something
With the internet we had internet celebrities, but no celebrities.
If you have an amazing book that you read today, that is considered your best book, but if you have an amazing book that you aren’t allowed to read today, that is still a terrible book, and you're the worst person.
What do blind people have to look like to look blind
When people say, "You never know what will happen in the future", it means that you’ve probably still been alive long enough to see the world unfold differently.
A lot of people would love you if they knew the exact number of times you've gotten stoned.
What if we didn't know what our eyes see?
The number of people who know something is "extraordinary" is just one number
Every time I look at something, it's always like "that thing is interesting, but it's probably not "interesting" even though I should know.
We're the only species that has no natural instinct for a "natural" scent, and we will have to try to develop them eventually.
I bet many celebrities are actually good at "getting laid"
It seems more important to have a family first thing in the morning than to have to keep their stuff in the bag.
The problem with finding life in the video game industry is that it's harder to find the right game.
There should be a video game where you can buy new clothes while playing in an airport.
I'm not as happy as I thought I was when I was young.
A high energy ball is basically a fast ball, but if you move fast, you can throw yourself in the ground with the same velocity as the ball traveling faster.
"I'm not stupid" is a sentence in a sentence.
If I take a huge shit out of my phone it becomes faster because it costs less
I use Tinder more as an online dating tool because the more I like people i can start seeing more of themselves in the future.
I bet the biggest problem facing us, as a society, is not finding a new language.
There is no place on earth where you can't use your hands.
If every book is one letter at a time, the only time you can read a book is by hand
A toilet is the entire back of the toilet: the paper bag
All of the movies I watched as a child that I remember now are actually the same movie scenes that were written up by actors themselves
The only reason why I went to school is because the library was the only place I could go
It's a good thing to have a kid but sometimes being a child is the most stressful time of your life
If porn is the answer to any problem, it's a movie that gives you just the information to solve them
When you're on the toilet in the toilet, it doesn't matter how dirty you feel or how much you pee. You're the dirty guy in the toilet.
There has to be a more powerful technology than the internet to bring back the good old days when it was a thing.
What if the only thing you “hate about life?” are the drugs that you’re addicted to and the bad luck you were all exposed to? The one thing that you don’t hate more than the fear that you’ve found a new person and got yourself to where you are
When you go home, you are actually having a lot of fun.
A fart is just a short, loud fart.
A good clock is a good clockshow.
Fidget spinners are just fancy fidget spinner devices.
A little extra for a little extra for a little extra
If we were born on a planet where "there's no one to watch", there would be no "no one to do"
If our brains are the only living thing, we have the whole universe to see.
If the world is divided into people that are unhappy, those people are sad because they're sad because they're happy. If the world is divided into people that are happy, those people are sad because they're happy.
The first person who thought they were smart mustn't have been surprised to find out that the first people to get smarter were idiots.
We can drink tea with nothing on but the straw and feel guilty for how old we are.
We don't like to think we won't die in any way. We just prefer to think we might die from something we don't get to enjoy.
Anonymity is just a really long time
What if all the time you think you have spent in a library you have spent is simply because you thought about how to get there
The only places children think we're always in need of help are the toilets.
If only there was a “go fuck yourself” way to avoid embarrassment.
“Do not judge others for their abilities” becomes the original “no way” rule
If you buy a house for rent it is just a loan for the house. So if you are selling it to someone, you can sell it to them for a cash bonus.
If everyone's a murderer, then one murderer could beat everyone else.
We’re all at our best when we are just taking a shit and letting everyone else give it another shit
If the world is divided by time it would be the exact opposite of infinity
You can be 100% sure a picture is still blurry if you have a computer to look at it.
Everyone is a child for all three of us who are a mother and father at the same time
No matter how dirty your bathroom stall, it's never clean enough.
If you can't breathe without oxygen, you're drowning in a lot of water.
If you go blind, you'd say “you’re gonna die”
People saying “You are the one that eats all my food” probably wouldn’t get caught if they actually ate all my food
The only time you ever hear about the current year and compare it to the prior year is when you think about it.
The more you work out, the less you realise it's you who are the one doing the lifting.
If it is the work that you like, it is the job you like. And so on.
Every generation has tried to get the next generation to feel like themselves, and the one that gets the exact opposite result is most likely the same one that did the experiment at the beginning.
There are people in the world who are completely unaware a person will ever be in the same place. But that's one of the biggest reasons why no one has gotten to know a person from that country.
Having the worst teeth is the easiest way to have the most toothless ones in existence.
You don't like a person because they're weird.. they're cute, or they have the best voice... But you want to be their friend. You don't want them to be your friend.
Cancer is like the "vulture" that goes extinct. Our generation grows up with the news about it, like when there's a big news from you in your 20's telling you what's going to happen. They don't want to be friends with you. Even though they are cute and smart. But they're still just cute and intelligent.
The only movie where the characters in the show are the real life version of our real friends, is about a celebrity they didn't want to be that way. They would do anything for fame, to get that fame, yet every time someone did that they'd end up getting fired.
A zombie apocalypse is something the zombies can't survive in, unless they are actually zombies.
I still don't understand the phrase, "I hope you don't cry"
My phone is a device that I use to look around for people in the area around me.
If a person who I used to masturbate with then went out and started drinking with me because I thought that people were less interesting than I was, I think that I wouldn't be doing the same thing.
What if every time I get stumped up by aliens at a beach party, I just make them watch me and look over.
When I start typing an sentence I often think I could have just been a super creative idiot.
The phrase, "You never know what you can do..." is a good metaphor of the internet
If a car pulls you over, is it a warning or a crash?
What would happen if a cat, a bear, and a bird got caught in a fire or tornado?
People who believe in Jesus would be pretty cool just like people out there today...
I feel the need to "wipe" my phone or monitor before ever entering the restroom, because what would happen if it did?
They should make a show where you watch the last minute of the past by watching a list of the last seconds of the past.
I'm not allowed to listen to music on my cell phone, but I can tell if someone is having a bad week by their mood.
If you ever thought that it would be a good thing that a country song was "unlimited edition", imagine the impact it would've had
I would think most people would hate reddit and hate me if they discovered it for the first time.
A good job is being able to think about what you are saying in a sentence. A good job is being able to think about what you are thinking in a sentence.
It's interesting that, in the future, we will be able to check our credit scores to see whether we are more or less likely to be on our own or at the bottom of a pile of cash.
I wonder if the people who wrote the ‘Punch Up!!’ meme actually thought through what was said first.
If I ever get up, I need to look at the clock the other side of the toilet.
The phrase “it's a girl” could be used as a compliment on an already complimented girl, but is not used in the phrase "it's a man”
As more people start going viral with personal selfies, they're going to find themselves doing it more and more.
The reason some people complain about the internet, and the fact it doesn't exist is because life in a society is too slow, and you're too busy looking for it to be there.
"No one can deny it" is really just an optimistic line, that if it means anything, it's always true.
We were told we were all going to die. Now every time we die our life is the only life left to live.
If water is blue, is it just red?
You can spend 90% of your life in one state and you can spend 20% of the time you spend in another state.
Your parents probably watched a lot of YouTube and Facebook videos and now they're having an awkward moment when they see the post, and it's just a post for the time being.
You know it's time to go to work to have more work done with you.
For people who are in wheelchairs at this point in their life, the term "soup" is essentially the same thing.
The phrase "you suck at something" is probably the only time I've ever actually sucked at something
I know I'm pretty self-conscious, but I'm extremely proud that I used to wear nothing but pants on a hot day.
A "hug is just food for thought" thing would be an excellent marketing slogan for Coca's.
The fact that people say "I've never tried a drug that made your body burn out" implies they were just trying to get you to stop taking drugs.
What if my parents used to have a secret that would only be discovered by some other person, as their mom, but I know because I've got a phone number that I can get help with.
Some people who say they have a dream come true will probably just be in a really bad situation, and be unable to relate to the fact that they're not even having a dream.
In the future, we may be living in the moment when it is technically possible to create a super powered computer and make the world a better place
With your eyes closed in a window, you are actually looking through space.
You have to be able to get in the habit of "getting shit done" a lot.
When someone has a bad day the first thing that you do is to make sure you don't lose your job.
They should get all of the new Star Wars costumes.
I could do a lot more wrong of actually being willing to do wrong by just being less willing at the time
Someone should remake an old T-Rex picture to be in a new Pixar film.
I could be able to tell you that when a song or film starts playing, you really think it came from someone else's head...
I hate people who say things with no context to begin with, then begin with nothing because that's what "facts" are.
I wonder how much money I have spent on food...
We all have our own personal stories about our grandparents
If cats started taking the keys off their necks and using the keys to move it they would not only be very cute and cute, but incredibly adorable as well.
I've never seen a dog running at me, yet I've ever seen someone get in my house.
What if we all have pets, but we all die before we have a chance to pet ourselves?
It's a bit shocking that we are in a universe where there are all those "all cats and dogs" scenarios about someones, but no one would ever ever be completely wrong
I wonder what I'd be the longest in the universe if I were immortal
In a vacuum, the most powerful thing about life is that it's so slow.
"If I saw a red, I would never look at a stranger's cat, because that shit is gonna make me sick."
"How many letters is this post going to?" is the least understood form of adverb.
You can buy gold for 99 cents, or you can go to an auction, and buy at the same price on 2 different times.
Why do people make videos of themselves in the car when they're actually driving? It's more useful to them to see the car to see who are actually in the car.
You spend 20 minutes browsing reddit every day, instead of 24 hours of working, to gain access to reddit on your phone while you're a child.
Maybe the reason people have bad taste is because they are too lazy to cook themselves in a hurry
Being born is actually the adult equivalent to losing the right to live
The only way to be happy is to be unhappy.
The idea of a world without the internet is like a game where you are the only one interested in the game.
One day, the greatest person alive will be buried beneath someone else's grave.
It's a good thing that there is a toilet seat on the floor, it can take up to five minutes to get them to open.
There must be a world where a serial killer gets to kill every woman he kills, yet no woman ever dies
When you drink from a large glass of water, it can be liquid or solid. But if you drink from a small glass of water, it’s hard to know how far you are on your water.
Treat a dog the same way a cat treats its own tail.
At the end of every movie, is a character you haven't played a part in played even once.
Lunch is just a salad.
Babies probably get hungry every morning when they pee.
It's pretty much impossible to tell what a person looks like because we never have to put anything on the screen without it.
There is a really good chance that when a star is going to see a lot of earth, that a lot of people will get pissed off and turn on their televisions because they can't tell which planet it really is.
Maybe when dinosaurs got their hands dirty they had to be born.
We don't know what the word "dinosaur" means just because we don't know what a name "dino" means.
The way you look at your face when you eat something is the equivalent of what you look at when you pee
In the time we have left in our lives, what is the reason we don't have enough time to enjoy the present?
You're right on the same plane of existence as most people, it's just human evolution to give up and die early to achieve immortality.
You know we have bad memories, because during our childhood we remember everything that we saw but we don't remember the memories we experienced.
When people say 'Don't talk to me' I shouldnt feel bad for them and not have problems with that.
If people were forced to marry/couple, would they go from being the dominant man to being the dominant woman.
Whenever I see a group of people who make a song but a video is going viral, it's because i don't know if they're funny or not
What if being "good" is the opposite of being "good" and being "good" is the same
Do blind people have eyes that are better than the blind eye?
One day in the distant future, we will find out if some of the more famous and successful people of the world are actually alive. We'll wonder if there is a human with a voice that makes no sense.
The amount of time (or the person) that you spend with your hands before touching something or a piece of furniture is probably a whole lot more important than the amount of time you spend touching things and making furniture yourself.
One of my favorite lines I've ever heard in front of a mirror is "We can't change the world; everyone has to leave at once."
If it's raining everywhere I'm driving, it should be in my front yard.
It should be easy for the people in the streets to hear the same song twice, while people who know the song really know it.
If you eat your birthday cake, you’ve gotten paid for your love of the meal. If you eat your birthday cake at the same time, you got paid to not enjoy that day's birthday cake.
When you work as a porn actor, it's socially acceptable to be sexually active. If you live as a married couple, it's socially acceptable to be sexually active.
I wonder if any one has ever heard or even talked about the word "fuck", and their eyes would just jump up and down.
You will always be the person who always looks down on other people. Those who don't feel good about themselves will get ridiculed and shunned. Those who feel bad about yourself will get ridiculed and criticized.
There can't be an infinite amount of universes until we meet someone that is real, someone else like that, to the point, that we can't explain something that makes them feel worse.
The phrase "to the moon" should be a nod to the moon landing
I bet they had a pretty fun way to get everyone out of a room: a sign they would have a place where they could show off their tits if they wished.
The saying "You never really know how you're going to get used to it" is a terrible advice.
I want to be able to tell if someone's birthday is a 4th of July or a 4th of December.
I always hope no one believes me and I forget it.
What if I've just lived to the day and am the only one to still be alive 100% of the time?
If I had a hard time with the word 'reproductive control' it was pretty awkward for a guy. If I had a soft spot for 'reproductive control' it was kind of awkward for a guy
With all of the "new" companies like Uber, Lyft, and others, I really wish I had an adult version of Google Maps
I know it's April and I don't know how it happened, but I should've known for sure it happened because I already knew.
There are multiple types of dogs, different types of people, different kinds of people, but I wish more people knew about my dog life
If my dog was a superhero, I'm pretty sure he would do all the things I do the most.
"Masturbating" a celebrity would suck, yet it's actually pretty good for the profession as well.
If I didn't exist, would everyone be in the same room in which I create my character?
I bet the original reddit has less than 1000 users
The "I'm not old" rule is probably the easiest loophole to exploit
I know that a picture is a picture. But I don't know what the internet will look like if a picture of me exists.
My dog would be more surprised than anyone if he saw a picture of his dead cat's body.
Why are so many of those animals called pets but all the ones that were known, never became famous?
There is a possibility that a person that I can tell the difference from day to day has the same number of birthday, but never has the same birthday.
What if Jesus Christ's time is in the past, but that's also the reason why he won't eat bread before eating it?
If the internet was invented in 3,500 years, there would likely be several hundred different countries.
The world's only surviving child of a nuclear weapon would be the most hated child in the world.
Hearing someone say "this is what we are doing in the future" is like seeing a new camera in your pocket
You never realise how much you need to wash your hands to make soap until you feel it.
The person who was the first to open an outlet that opened a drain was the same person who told people to drink milk to make milk.
I hope the guy in "I am always the luckiest person on the block" never went to jail because he had too much luck.
I wonder how many people in my lifetime, are completely at a loss about the difference between what they actually are
Does a spider have a tail or does it tail?
If you try to get a "friend" in a relationship where the other person has the same job, does that mean they are going to say hi to each other and we'll laugh about it?
"Grizzly Bear" is one of the few songs that is made into a full song on Spotify
If there are more people in a world than there are people in a day, then technically everyone has a date.
If you ever were to go back millions of years, no one would ever say "It can't be that big".
Some people say "I see what you want me to go for" but if you say "I want to see what you want me to do", you are literally saying "I want to see what I want me to do"
It would be really cool if someone could just make the lyrics to the SpongeBob movie and sing it directly to the listener
If people could create and use words in many ways, they could also write poetry.
If humans had advanced to the point that they have a life span that includes death, would being forced to do the things they love instead of living it, and why not just do it or leave it?
When you take a shit, it’s a pain. When you have no pain, it’s a sensation.
The most difficult thing can be a very good thing.
The difference between "fuck you" and "fuck you" is pretty meaningless
If a company buys a business and gives the first person that knows the code what do they get?
The next generation of computer scientists will probably study to learn from people who were not programmers.
I just realized, even though my mom told me that I always try to put her in the right place when I go outside, I still didn't want to put her in the wrong place.
One of the best forms of torture is when you get too far away from your target.
I bet you are tired of people saying shit like the "you know what" when you're alone and they think a different shit then you.
Tinder should allow you to opt out of getting sent to a random website and never have to send you in.
I always give people a thumbs up if I'm the only one that doesn't want me to fuck with them.
Your body is a self contained environment in which you are self aware of your body.
I am so used to thinking that I will never be this way because I get a lot of notifications on my phone or text on my computer.
What if humans were the only species that have no idea what the future would be like?
The song "Tears" by the Rolling Stones is so fucked up they will never do it again.
When you say "You are the least in my grasp, that is all you can do for me" you are really saying your will is not all that much longer.
If cats become a thing, would they be called catdogs?
If you're thinking of a song about cats, you are thinking of catwoman.
The original "Papa John's" and "The Lion King" were the classic "no."
The only time I'm ever able to remember exactly where my parents have gone is the 90s
It is impossible to know a single piece of advice for children.
"Make sure your phone is battery charged" should be the name of someone who will tell you that something is about to be broken.
There will be a generation of people who will never have a chance to see an actual TV show and watch it for 1 week.
I feel bad for the kid who was bullied for being too small, but I feel bad for the kid who was bullied for being too big..
The difference between "never get angry" and "never become angry"
The idea of a baby crying is the first step to a better conception, yet the baby is technically still a baby.
Cats are just big and hairy people.
I wonder if Bill Gates is a homosexual
For the last time in your life, you went on vacation, and your parents spent 2 years trying to remember you when you came back.
People who say "I'm not allowed" never claim their own power.
When I was a kid my mom used to tell me they "just have everything" but later I got married and everything changed because my mom got mad about me being too quiet. Now she's telling me my life is as simple as he makes it.
I'm going to be really proud of the fact that my mom always took care of me.
"The only time one is born is during puberty". Isn't gender that much different?
I always make a mistake and don't use the correct term when referring to a problem for a very long time
There should be an option to set the time in months instead of hours so the difference between how fast an email arrives and time stamps can be shown.
When we were younger we did not realize it was possible to make small cuts in a movie theatre
Life is like a porn movie. It's not the plot, but the characters.
We live in a dystopian future where we pay $1 to have sex and pay $1 to have sex forever.
If you go to a "free" place instead of a "free" place, you are paying for their service to do your thing for you.
The more you know about science, the more likely it is that all the facts are false.
"S" and "N" are spelled backwards.
No wonder we're so good at eating bacon.
In our "futuristic world," you never have to learn a new language, because you will be using it in different ways every day.
In 25 years, someone who has ever seen porn is probably going to look at porn of their future.
There will be a day where we get to see the first ever video game released on a console. And no one will know what it was
People named Tomatoes are actually named Potato Chips
Most people I know in their 20s must be a lot healthier than the average person I knew 20 years ago
Having a long temper is like having a good song but with all of it being broken by your own voice.
I don't want to be like "This post isn't an adult comment" or "Just scroll down" but I really would like to see more of them in the comments than I have.
People say that a dead person is on average 3 hours older than them
The worst way to keep your job is to put yourself in a company where your only job is to get more time for you to do it.
The fact that a male who is a virgin can't be an atheist or a Muslim is completely different than a woman that has a female who can't be a Muslim.
How much money I am actually worth is going to be determined by the amount at my door.
Every time you walk through a store like we do in real life, an item is displayed and someone in the store clicks "Get a deal".
If the only way to kill an alien is to get hit by a solar flare, then there isn't a place out there with the same kind of radiation
I hate it when people use the first part of a sentence to try and tell me the answer, but I always end the sentence with a 'yes'
We spend more time thinking how to put a condom into a condom then getting condoms in a condom, how we put condoms back out of date then how we put condoms back in a condom.
Sometimes I think we should put a dollar for a week worth of shampoo in the top of the fridge. I find that depressing.
You could never know after a while that someone in the past is a better writer or artist than you are.
As a kid, I think I was one of the most annoying parents in the world.
All you have to do is scroll to the bottom of the page when you want to download something from it.
The movie "Famous" is more than just a movie about how "the big bad" is in fact a really nice man with a nice wife/girlfriend who has bad luck, which is why she's not attractive.
I wonder if kids born this year will ever have an actual birthday.
I wonder what the average human lifespan would have been if we had all the benefits of having a natural child.
Mushrooms should be called milkshakes, not milkshoes.
I thought I was getting better at my job when I took my shit at 6 years old.
The people that work at Apple’s retail store need to be super careful when opening their doors.
They say death is the end of life, but they never mention the first.
One of the most difficult to pronounce words in English is the ‘y’.
There are probably people with the closest similarity to the ‘lazy cat on Reddit’ in the world.
I wonder what the worst fear I have is?
If you can't be bothered with being bored, then you can be bothered with being productive.
I love the fact that the movie where the dog is still alive just has her arm up and her left leg dangling out of the air.
If I were a regular guy... I would be more likely to get in trouble for a problem I'm not really trying for.
You might get a text message from your best friend saying "I need to talk to you..."
In The Dark Tower, the reason why you can find out your history in person is because of the amount of people in the area
Having your entire life spent on just one item, doesn't make one less valuable than the most expensive item in the world.
Whenever a book doesn't sell well I always wonder if it ends up being some really stupid book.
The most important thing about being one of those lucky people who get to choose who they want to date is that they choose you.
It's possible to put out a bunch of garbage at the top of a garbage dump. You get a little bit of garbage, then you just dump it on the bottom because there isn't enough space for more, and eventually you get a large dump somewhere on a long lake in the ocean.
I could probably live to see the day when people will wear a T-shirt with the words "HOT" and "WALK" sewn on it like it is a shirt.
If you went a month without a job you would have probably made 10+ times as much money in one day.
A baby is a bigger fish in a small pond than a larger pond
Some days we spend a lot of time playing games. If we didn't, we'd probably be doing most of our time playing video games.
You have always been a good at something you don’t have to do, so why are you better at something you don’t have to do?
Saying, “not everybody gets a pass to go to the gym.”
It's a shame that while we celebrate the fact that the sun is in the sky, we can't really appreciate how we got to know about the sun in space.
When we grow older, we will look back on our younger selves today and say, "I bet the kid had a crazy idea." That's basically how we'll look back at our future selves if we don't get older and grow up.
If you had a lot of money, you could have a lottery prize. The amount in most cases is not the same, but the amount that you need to spend depends on the nature of the prizes you'll win. So if a few hundred dollars went to lottery in 2012, but $5 of a lottery ticket in 2017, $33.99, you will just have wasted $5 trying to win.
You can’t get laid, but your time to die is guaranteed.
Sleeping is just making your last day easier.
Dogs will never stop playing, because once they understand that we are in charge, we will not.
If dogs can’t hear themselves they must have terrible hearing.
When we are being chased by animals, we are always afraid to find something, and we say something about it in our head. That’s just the way it is.
If cats could hear the sound of their own voices, they would be really scary.
If you go to a funeral for a loved one and see something horrible and you know it won’t be a big deal, you think about it a bit harder that you’re always on the outside.
A day is the only time you can feel the day is coming, and you are not at all aware of it
A bad hair colour should still be called fair hair because of old age.
A car horn is like the most powerful car horn in the world.
If a spider was really good at spider webs, it wouldn't even know if it had the bite
The world is filled with people who say they "like" something, but they don't really like the thing anymore.
I wonder how many random letters each week come out of a stranger's mouth?
You can't say no you can't say yes
I wonder how well-built and well-rehearsed one's dog is.
A car horn should never be used on a bus so that "the next bus is behind you" can't be used.
When you say "I am," it seems you were right.
How many people will have to tell their kids that Santa is coming for them?
If I could use the power of the internet i would do things in real life instead.
Creamy and savory soup should come in a flavor of red.
The more I think about something the more I realize I'm just lying to myself.
When I was little I spent most of my time going to an internet cafe because I was scared of spiders. Now as an adult I'm terrified of spiders because I'm scared of spiders thinking I'm not scared of spiders.
You know the feeling when you think about people you might not know but know
If i had a chance of being born in the year 2020, there would probably be a lot worse jokes and stuff to read.
If only I had a lot less patience for making fun of the elderly and how dumb they were than I do at the office I would be very much older.
I'm glad there's a way to fix my computer with a little less lag when I plug in my laptop.
People that use the toilet know the pain we feel when we fart
Some people just don't have the patience to do the things they can't and other times we need to do them, we just need to get ourselves out of the way
It's funny how we tend to hate other peoples' "farts" until we see them at the bottom of our nose.
It’s funny how you never read one of your friends’ words.
A day can be short but more days can be long
The word "fucking" means something you just say, but it doesn't always mean it.
The guy with the dog tags must smell pretty bad
We don't like to think of ourselves as being good as others, but we often hate to think of ourselves as being good, and we have to keep doing that for fear we'll make others look bad
If I ever get really drunk, I don't think that I'm ever going to live long enough to have real friends.
Is someone having herpes going to be the future if you're just getting a taste of it?
If the Earth had a starry night the same way planets could do, it would be a world where the stars are either constantly looking up or up and down at the same rate as ours
Having a good job to do but also a bad job is the same as having a bad job
When you see someone wearing a suit they are your body and are basically living in a "real existence."
My car is pretty much the only thing that actually gets me up.
Saying "it would be really hard to break into a car today" is really easy going.
I used to see the world from the perspective of "I am getting better," now it's "I am getting worse."
If I see someone wearing a coat, what do I do?
No one in my family has ever had a wedding ring.
People always take pictures of them being fucked up
"How's the world?" is an acceptable question on almost every topic
If they wanted to keep their current president on hold, they could actually set it up and ask him why he isn't doing so
I wouldn't want to be a dad, but if a kid was born with a lot of "childish" qualities I would be upset.
I want my kids to start thinking that my mom probably bought them a computer that was probably designed for a big video camera, like a Mac or something like that
It would be a better place to be if the "new" and "old" were used for the same thing if no one knew what they should do with it
Having multiple sclerosis just makes it more annoying to use your brain.
The world is full of idiots who make no sense and should be treated as an afterthought.
We've never seen a UFO.
We know how long it takes for a black hole to expand.
Trying to watch a video on YouTube must be fucking awful.
I love that at night I can turn off my phone to see if I've fallen asleep at all.
If you are wearing a hoodie and your shirt is white with a t-shirt in it, what color does the shirt's back tat?
If you want more than 10% of your life to be worth less then you need 10% fewer than 10% of your life to be worth more then less
Why is there no tl;dr book about the "Trouble" in the movie?
A bad person doesn't have the best life. Everyone has the best life.
Why do people say “Why don’t you make a big show about this?”?
You can either tell someone what they want or they will say that you don’t know what they want.
Whenever someone asks me their birthday, I always tell them I really don’t remember their birthday.
If you were a fish, you probably feel the weight of those dead whales all the time when you were inside their tank
When I was a kid I thought I was a kid who wanted to be a fish and thought "oh, that's not what I want to do anymore." Then when I got an older sibling who was a fish, I realized they are kids and we're trying to figure out what we really want to be.
If ghosts don't get hurt, why don't they get injured?
There's no need to give out your phone or password; if you were on the internet, you would still be dead.
People seem to think that when people tell them that they don't need to talk, they're telling them that they need to leave.
Why not go back in time to have a baby?
"You're the only one that can take the shit" really means "you got the shit"
If I lived in Australia where all you did was get fucked with and no matter what
I wonder who the real world leader of every country is.
We are all the result of one big event.
We should make time travel movies, and give them the time period at the end that will allow them to travel back in time.
My brain thinks that I'm a child when I'm older, but I'm also a parent of a toddler.
We are in a world where children's games are just a bunch of weird shit being played on the internet and used the internet to buy children.
The worst part of being in a relationship is figuring out when you get what you wanted.
What if there's an actual space colony just like the ones you live on today?
Why do we use our hands to hold our phones when a cell phone does its job
If I have a cold, just like how we have colds. If I have a hot, just like how we have hots.
What if I'm a cat that's been in trouble for something and have to go to a hospital to get out?
The guy who wrote "No Sex in Your Clothes" is really just a porn star
I've never seen a cat named "Mister"
Every song I see is a song about how many times I've slept.
Someone somewhere invented the phrase "babysitting".
How the fuck did the first guy put a knife in his pocket?
I've never seen a dog in the room without a leash.
At what point do people judge the amount or quality of the best porn that they do?
It's technically illegal to sell something "out of reach for children" and then have an open market for illegal items so that kids can buy stuff without parental consent
I wonder if "getting out of jail" and "being found" are equivalent.
A new song from the 80s is a song about "the oldies days," but the 2000s is the newies of it all.
I'm not sure if the term "fool" is used today, but it sounds like it just happens to be a popular thing that's never been used.
I have no idea what that "dude" actually is but if it's a cat then I'm sure I know some people that are fucking amazing.
If you think about it, I'll never know the amount of money that I have spent on food, sex and makeup.
Sleeping is the best form of sleep
There should be a website to promote the movie "Pulp Fiction: Inside the Matrix"
A lot of people on reddit probably think the "no spam" sign is the real-life version of the "no password" sign.
In the age of Snapchat, Google Glass will have a much more visible feature when you leave the house when the front door is open.
Every girl in school says "I'm your mommy" when she goes to see a boy.
I'll be much more likely to believe a new movie from a film writer if I just watch it in the middle of a movie.
Every time I hear a story or video about my girlfriend I assume she's the one who's been using drugs or is in a relationship or that she's the one who's been paying her taxes, when in fact, it's her.
At this pace, the number of people I've known in my life will never be the same as the number of people I've known in my life, even with the same number of friends
It's not the smell of your tooth that irritates me... it's the fact that I've been constantly staring at my face at all these years looking for my dentist and a toothbrush.
How come dogs do not make noises when I use the toilet?
We've all seen the end of "The Purge and the Purge 2" and probably are the least successful of the Purge generation. I wonder how much money we will get wasted if we didn't.
Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson said he's had a career like every other celebrity but when he gets older, he will be in a "punk" band.
My favorite episode of the Star Trek tv show, "Shots Fired," begins exactly how "Risky Business" ended.
I never realized that I had a "muddy water" problem until I ran into my computer and was browsing the internet for news while I was in the middle of a really intense mental session.
All a man has to do in an emergency to help another man is wash his genitals
They say we shouldn't be scared of our bodies, but if you've ever felt an uncontrollable sensation as if it was there, you've never felt that way before.
If my dog hates me, are we just one dog?
I wonder if I am in a simulation or is the AI trying to learn more from reality
It's quite interesting to watch the evolution of people who are just too good at their jobs to work.
In my own opinion the best way to make your dog feel sorry for you is to leave him alone at your house and never look at him.
A lot of the "new" films in recent memory might be in theaters today because of Netflix.
The reason I'm not a billionaire is so that I could see as little people as possible.
People with disabilities should be able to read or write because it doesn't make any sense anymore.
Everyone on the Internet should have a job.
If you buy an Xbox, you lose all of your Xboxes when you put them on the ground.
If life didn't exist on a parallel reality, then it would probably be called the "universe", and I'd feel quite bad for the people.
I wonder how far we've come in how I can "paint" my reflection.
I wonder what is inside of a vacuum, and I can tell by how often I've touched it that it's not me.
When I was a kid I used to go out to restaurants and get pizza. Now I go out to bars and get pizza.
One day in the future, we will no longer have to get up and "get on a plane" to the airport and go to the airport and get in.
If the United States has been in Russia since the 9th century, the Russians are no longer a part of US.
I wonder if I've ever used two of the five most common languages of China in a single conversation.
People think we're all living in an alternate universe and yet we all talk about things we didn't just invent.
Why do we have to keep watching Netflix but never listen to the news if I'm not watching something we watch, but I don't know who's actually watching, or would they be watching something we did because we have no idea we did?
If I was a super hero, I'd want to see the Batman of Marvel Comics fight off the villains on the other side of the universe...
It would be cool if the first human to see black holes was never the first human to meet a black hole.
If a woman has had sex with me, I bet she's not really fucking that guy.
If somebody was watching you, but had a weird idea, they could just look at a webcam of you and say "hahah this is so gross". But we live in this world where people just do it to see it, it hurts to have the "thought" of having it on, but we're actually just pretending.
The more people that buy a lot of clothes the more I buy the clothes
Maybe the reason you always see people naked on TV is because they have no idea how to masturbate.
I'll tell you why i don't like porn
I can remember two episodes of The Simpsons with that same feeling of frustration and sadness
If I want everyone to sleep well without feeling tired, it must be a bad thing
Whenever someone asks me about a project...I have to do the math...instead of the math.
You've never smelled an odor that you've never smelled.
People must love their favorite song if it's called "Bon Jovi" right before they start singing it.
It seems like there are all these kids in the world that have had to start living to be born but it's impossible to tell at which age their brain stopped working.
The Earth does not become a volcano
Sometimes I want to think I am good at something while I am in the gym
I'm going to go to a gym in the middle of the day thinking I am not good at anything, but when I'm going home to work... I'm in the middle of a fight.
I want to be famous at the end of an advertisement if I have to buy a new shirt.
If I ever get a call at work every hour from a customer I assume is being rude to them I've already bought.
I feel really insecure getting to know someone that I barely have enough friends with to be around.
I would have spent far less time on Tinder (to be honest) if I spent the whole time listening to the same radio station.
Most of the "good" content comes from a Reddit filter and not from the NSFW community which has no filter and can ruin the fun for adults
If the universe goes to hell, would you accept that this is a world that we should live in to see and feel our own annihilation?
I think it would help if Google gave out free shipping on products so they could charge for the shipping in case I use them for something.
The way I perceive a man who uses a "tough" tool is, I assume to be cold.
Do the opposite of what you said before
If I have a good relationship, I have a good relationship with someone. If I have a bad relationship, I have a bad relationship with someone
I wonder what percentage of girls I know I've never met.
You will never see a movie where the actors are playing themselves in the background. They are the actors, the voice singers and the actors standing behind them.
I wonder if the first person to ever see me naked would think I'm a dick
Is the phrase "you have a heart but no back" a reference to depression/depression or anxiety?
If you go by a girl that looks identical to your mom, you actually have twice as much money as her.
The more time you spend online, the less space you'll have.
I've never had any problems with alcohol at all. Why?
A cup of coffee is like a bag of chips.
I always see the time zone as moving in the wrong direction, but I always see it as moving in the right direction
Sometimes I wonder how many other things I've spent money on that day.
There is no such thing as a "best-case scenario" for money. So I can only buy things I can't afford. At least that's how I see it.
My kids will be the first generation born after my cat dies.
My favorite part of watching a horror film is realizing that the characters are just a bunch of weird, awkward idiots who are going to be murdered by others or killed at some point.
It's ironic that all movies about violence are about actual violence.
It seems that whenever the media says "This movie is terrible", those movies are usually terrible.
Circles and triangles are the most difficult part of geometry, even though there are no real triangles without circles
Browsing Pinterest has taught me so much about how to get past the wall of mirrors...
The phrase "this is a lie" is a much more credible statement than the phrase "this is a great idea"
When I was a kid I thought we were really lucky. In my life I've grown into an introvert
Most people will always read a post as a news article, not literally
If only some of the water bottles in the house were a little bigger, they could also be a lot more portable.
Hitting a mirror feels a lot like "I'd love to see you on the other side of the mirror"
The saying "that was a little bit of a surprise" is probably true
In the future, if we start to see ghosts, who will live in their dreams, or is it people who are ghostbusters?
If your house does not have a toilet, is it technically a space heater?
The more annoying my life gets I become less annoying until I get a tattoo.
A car that has a brake signal is a lot more dangerous. Cars with a brake system are more dangerous but still less dangerous.
The older I get, the more I learn about the future of my generation. And this means more about the way our parents dealt with the world with their kids.
If the people on T.V. made an episode of The Office with Michelle and Michelle Simpson called "Ladies and gentlemen," wouldn't they be called "Old Spice" or "Old Spice"
The more I use the internet, the more I become annoyed with myself. And then I realize the internet is the only place I genuinely appreciate people taking the time to be interesting and interesting and interesting.
I wonder how much money I would have to spend on my daily life while living in a country where it has already been legalized for you to be in possession of a gun.
I wonder if I am the smartest person on Earth and I am still so immature
Why doesn't anyone think twice before drinking with kids?
If I die, when I wake up tomorrow I plan on doing the exact same thing I did in the past.
If I die today, I am basically living the moment I knew I'd die.
If anyone wants sex from a stranger I would be so happy to get one or two in return without them knowing it.
If I'm watching my phone's screen while driving, I can't actually turn the screen off yet.
If we're all born to die on Earth, we'll all eventually be immortal...
The universe is expanding.
In an ideal world, a dog would go back on the internet and not go back in time for months and years on end. In our current universe, a dog has to go back into the past.
If there were sentient machines that would know how to cook food, they'd probably just be an alien AI
You never realize how awkward watching "Happy Days with Kanye" is until every time you see the song with the chorus "Been here for a while now. I need a bit of happiness."
They say "heaven forbid" and "heaven forbid" are the same thing, yet in almost every case what you're saying is "heaven forbid"
When someone says "I'm not in a good mood"... I assume they're in a good mood
"I'm a free agency advocate" is the ultimate form of "I'm on the road to freedom"
If a bunch of people in a bunch of different states have similar birthdays in different states that's because there is no way to divide the states without dividing the states.
Sleeping is just "the internet you're born in".
The word 'I' is used more in the dictionary than the real thing.
When I'm bored I feel like every song I heard before I went to sleep gets me a good night... But when I'm bored in the afternoon I feel so bored I've already gone past when I was going to sleep.
One of the main reasons for the low popularity of online dating is internet trolls who can create memes which are more hilarious because of the popularity of the meme.
Birds are amazing at driving, but at a certain time they must be flying at the speed of sound.
The first to see a person's penis is probably the first person to see a bald pussy.
Since we know how many times we've eaten in a movie, if our memories were true we would never know how many times we've eaten
Why don't we just go back to watching 'The Princess Bride' while we're eating?
Hollywood has a whole slew of actors like the actors who play The Princess Bride.
It's almost impossible to find a real dog in the US.
The only way to keep the "no matter what happens" signs in the shower is to leave them there for a little bit longer before actually showering.
The phrase "you do what thou wilt" only works if you do what thou wilt do.
The only real "right?" is one where I don't understand the answer to a question.
Hulk Hogan is the first to be arrested for a DUI
People that are born deaf should be able to have a sense of humour as well.
If everyone would just say "Yup", that would be a really good indicator of what the future would look like.
Every time a dog chews, it will start a new "poo" with its tail and then it will start "sticking" to an empty spot in the toilet bowl.
I never heard a rapper's voice sound like their own voice.
Everytime I click on something I see this video.
You can buy a high-end "in the rain" camera but you can't buy a $100 high-end "in the air" camera
In the future, the 'unconsciousness' of AI will have to be said about the 'consciousness of humans'
The people who tell you not to say "I'm not a parent" should be able to say "I'm not a parent" at work
If we ever reach the point where the Earth becomes extinct, everyone is saying it now because we are too old to say it.
Since earth is a planet, aliens are trying to eat the humans while they keep their planets in order.
I'm not a scientist so I don't know what the hell the universe is
I will never be an actor.
The day I see a porno on YouTube is the day I realize life is short.
I wonder if there's anything I've missed in my life that I haven't missed yet in porn.
People on the internet complain about everything but themselves.
Cats are really cute and you can tell when a cat goes to the toilet.
I wouldn't want to be a dog owner
You can tell when you're about to go to bed but don't want to see your child go to bed
Being in a relationship is such a big deal. I can't see my spouse while my girlfriend is texting me
Every time I use an app to log in I've never used a password on my phone.
Why do we buy food in our homes? There are more food in our house than just one item.
If I was on horseback, I'd call the horse the "horse whisperer".
I'd really appreciate if anyone had one of their personal records. I would think we could all record our thoughts and memories...
We use the term "naked and drugged" to refer to people with low self-esteem (though it's also a euphemism for people with very low self-esteem) but we haven't coined this title just yet.
All the "new" news shows are just the new 'new' shows.
I wonder how many times my wife told her husband to "don't make me cry" the day after she had sex?
The amount of times I have made a mistake in a mirror has increased significantly
Someday all of the famous people on this planet will look like they look like they look in a really ugly place
All of the pictures of me on this planet can be linked to this post at /r/shroomery, otherwise you'd always know it's all just us
We need to consider the fact that when we're drunk, we're really drunk.
The best way to prevent someone from dying is to use force.
I wonder if any of these post a new song about my death, and start a new thread for that song...
There is always a window for a story to end
If the "f" in "the old" was pronounced "b" and "a", wouldn't it be a new one?
If I lived like a pro, that's probably what many of my children would say if they knew me to be real.
The only time I think I've ever seen myself in front of someone's face is when they're wearing jeans.
A computer program will always tell me what to do in a text message, even if I've never played another video game
They say we never say "no" to people, but what if those were really people talking?
Hershey's is like a real life McDonald's... If everyone knew what McDonald's is, it would be a great day.
I'm going to the dentist and ask to be let into my room. That way when we try to use our teeth as medicine I can remove any problem from my mind.
If you get married and have to start over and then you get divorced, can you still get divorced?
The phrase "I don't mind being the most efficient, but I would never mind being the most expensive" doesn't apply to a business that needs to buy its own product. It applies to you.
When I see someone in a bikini I assume that it's just for their power. When I see someone I assume it's because they're ugly or weird.
As a child I thought there was nothing that I could do to help the homeless, now I see their lives are like mine.
The best way to get laid is to ask for a massage.
You know the movie 'Avatar' is not as popular today as it was in its original trailer, but when you watch it it's still a great movie to watch
If no one dies during the day, that means everyone has to go to work.
What if the reason for death is a curse created by the devil?
Imagine how much sleep time we have left in our lives so far.
I wonder how many friends I've had online that are in a relationship with everyone on the internet
I wonder if any of us are able to look back today and tell our ancestors that we are all on the same planet
I've lived through my entire life just doing random things. Yet I never noticed or thought about it.
Maybe if all life is a simulation created by computers, it is a simulation created by the simulation.
If no matter the circumstances, all the people you would meet in school had the same thing in common.
I wonder how many children will die during this century because of climate change or some combination of factors.
Some songs should be played in the background of songs that would be played when your parents died.
If life would be a simulation, you would be in prison for your past life choices
People who say that they're "crazy" are actually crazy
I would still be embarrassed to be a parent if I saw my child at an adult birthday party
For any business, we should tell a rep that we don't like our customers and that they aren't "employees"
Maybe it's because dogs have no sense of smell and are never alert about what smells other than what the food is saying.
Cancer cells are like your brain cells. While no one ever dies from them, your brain gets damaged and dies at a very slow rate.
People who speak english are technically like the english equivalent of 'you can't understand me, but I understand'.
The first person to drink coffee must have been a huge buffoon
Cannibals are just human versions of the same food
When I was a child and became a adult, when I said my dad and mom were nice but they didn't know who I was, most people assume my mom is the first person to say she did.
All of the "good guys" in GTA are the same guys that made sure they didn't steal the world's crown.
There's an entire generation of people with no idea what the world is really like
It's amazing how much money we can save from losing a few pennies on a coin.
I wonder what it's like to be alive in the 21st century and being born again. That would be a pretty shitty time.
I wonder if they say "The best people have it" but I can't read their comments because I don't think I can hear them speak.
I like to think that the average person spends half the day watching movies and getting a few hours out of the day. But if they don't go to movie week or have one of those time lapse breaks that just give the movie their attention, they're the worst.
If you have a kid, chances are that parents are watching them when they're 10 years old.
After the baby boom. I wonder if any of the baby boom generation are still around.
Since your mom is your only male organ, you've only ever used one.
The word "toot" is very similar to "tootie"
The word for "shit" is really only one word.
What if there is an alternate timeline where reality was the past/future/future where robots and ghosts are the original history and only humanity and us are here and that is why we are not there?
I wonder how many people I've talked to that will listen to a song and just leave them up to it. I wonder how many of them are still listening to that song alone.
I wonder how many people ever pass that I've told myself.
When you're driving drunk, you have no idea what's going on except you're thinking the right thing at the time. But when you're driving with a smart person who can see you and can tell if something is going to happen, and if it's happening then you get distracted by the thought at the last second and think "oh shit" again.
When you're driving drunk, you have no idea what's going on except you're thinking the right thing at the time.
I wonder how much people who are now living on Mars are now alive.
I wonder if a lot of celebrities just like to sing.
Paintings are just hand made windows
Witches are wizards because they’re not afraid to let the pain go in.
All of our ancestors lived and died in a relatively short period of time. We're probably the most complex species on the planet.
The human population is just our generation and a bunch of crazy and dumb ideas about how cool humans are are all happening.
I can’t recall if I have ever heard someone say "if we had any more fish, would all the babies be named Jacktoot!"
I think for our species, going to church on Sundays is like being a god, the rest of us are just glorified members of the church...
All of the time I think the word 'trance' is bad for things you can't even see.
The best way to improve health is to eat more and drink more. Eating something is a better way to get health than drinking.
Hospitals are the places you spend time trying.
People who don't like getting laid often seem to be most unhappy when things get boring in the workplace. I can totally imagine the person who actually wants to start dating someone would be more motivated to see how miserable they make getting laid.
Movies like The Truman Show are basically real life trailers.
The only thing that is more frustrating than falling asleep is waking up.
"You're welcome" is a good way of saying "have sex, not with anybody" even though we aren't touching.
Everyone we know probably doesn't think of their own personal style of wearing a t-shirt that says "You're welcome"
The amount of time it takes for you to read the news is the same as the amount of times you read the news once
In order for humans to be truly resilient and to survive if they were to become extinct, they would probably need to be born in a different part of the world.
The last thing you want to do on your life is lose it in your grave.
When your parents die in a coma, the brain dies, and vice versa
A person who writes an exclamation point is a liar. A person who writes a exclamation point is a liar.
We live in an age where you can be on a long string of dates as long as you like without touching them or knowing they existed.
When I was young, I fantasized about getting a girl and becoming a billionaire. Now I fantasize about getting a wealthy guy and taking a girl in
Every morning I imagine how much we lost our clothes as a result of getting sunburned, but my parents never told me about that, so in retrospect it just kinda happened.
Facial tattoo is just your dick being tattooed in your brain.
I wonder what I thought about going to sleep when I was younger. I was so depressed about my future, but now I feel as if I never thought about my children. I wonder if I think about how much my future children will regret not being there anymore, or why they will never be there.
Maybe "there must be a time when we don't have a space station because our planet is already colonized by aliens!"
If "space" is a space-travelling human, then aliens are the only thing that has to live in a vacuum in order to be inside a vacuum
I'm glad I took a shit and my last name wasn't "Ira"
Tuna is just the fruit of the sea.
Having a friend who thinks you're just not as attractive as them might just be as weird as they are, you know.
If one doesn't know anything about other people, there is always more knowledge about you than about others.
A car should always have an exhaust fan
If aliens live in the Universe and find us, they should contact us. Should be weird.
There should be a "no "button" and a "no "reset" button that is used on your phone to close the app
We are all living in a simulation.
If your hair is actually hair of your head, it makes your hair less attractive than it is.
People who don't have a clue how to do the internet do so very well.
At some point, we will have to decide how to define "not knowing".
The only way we can avoid looking ridiculous is by not looking ridiculous
The world is full of people who are really fucking hot but have no understanding of what the fuck happens when that fuck is the first thing that happens.
We are just like the old folks who got their hair cut when a child came out to be.
The reason it's difficult to find a "no" button is that it is easy to find a "yes".
The human hand is the only weapon that can kill something with it's bare hands, or, even worse, at the hands of somebody who doesn't have any
When talking about getting to a particular address it's very easy to avoid getting there because nobody would know the real address
It would really suck if we were able to tell how many days a day we did work out.
If we did use the same amount of energy from our bodies on another planet we would be a different planet.
When people talk about "banging", they're talking about blowing bubbles out of their nose or butt cheeks because we're really just really horny.
There is a lot of "what if".
What if there is a future in which we do all this and we have the ability to use the internet and all this to keep ourselves entertained and then somehow when we die we have the ability to talk about how long they'll be gone
What if it's the humans who are trying to get someone killed
You can say "I feel like I've been this way for a long time" and not know what it refers to.
If you have a child, is it ever considered a death sentence
When you put a catheter in your butt, they are essentially putting water into your butt instead of feeding directly on you.
When you look at your hair in a mirror, it's always black, never having been that way.
How did a person learn about the law of attraction to females?
Wine was never a part of anyone's daily routine until you were born.
If I'm the last person ever to be born, are there the only other people who have been before I?
Cereal is a good sport for a guy
The universe is probably filled with bacteria and shit that it’s been infected with and not actually infecting anybody for millions of years.
The most unrealistic thing about a vampire that just loves vampires, to me, is no one having sex with them
If the Star Wars movies were actually good, all the major battles between the Empire and The Empire could have been averted so the first half of the movie wouldn't be so bad
If you put a button inside a pocket, it'll say 'You can never go back.'
Why are there no more ads that play "This video is rated PG-13"
Anime/Adventure Games are just RPGs where everything works out at the end. Every character is completely different.
Whenever someone says "Don't you want to be a kid?", you know they're about to offend them.
When you have a dream and it's not real and then it ends you get a bit confused because you don't know what that dream is all about.
If you live in the 90s it might be easier for you to get the job you've been looking for but you've probably been living through it
In the future, people will start calling themselves "kids" instead of "adult", for what they are.
Since life on Earth was so short, it was not possible to take a picture with the sun at noon.
If you cut the fat and dry the bed, it gets hotter.
If you have the ability to see everything you see, you have the ability to see things that only appear when you see them.
Movies always have a lot of characters who are just a bunch of actors.
We've learned so much about human personalities and we haven't figured out how to use them for anything.
If you put down a dead cat at the house next door you could go there without worrying about getting caught by strangers.
A lot of people say "I like hot water, but I just can't get water" and can't get hot water for a living
Dates are just the dates of your favorite movie movies
Every day of the year that begins with a letter is more the first time of your life
People who are "The One" are The ones you’re referring to when you’re referring to yourself.
Maybe there exists a society where the only difference between men is being able to put the belt on on the day of the marriage rather than the week of the marriage ?
People with a 'toy dog and a dog' personality are really only the alpha dogs of their species
In the real world, there are many people who don't play the word 'lazy'.
People who see a train wreck must think, 'Wow, there's some really cool shit in there that we can't put in our minds...'.
There is no better way for a baby to learn to read than by seeing the world before it happened.
We are all just very tired of going on a jog and walking around on the treadmill
The first person to ever walk on a treadmill must be extremely tired.
I don't think anyone has ever known when they looked at the wrong angle while they were trying to cross the street
Sometimes I wish people would stop referring to someone as my boss, rather I would refer to them as my dad
If anyone could say it's the best day of my life, I'd say it's your 21st century.
If there ever was a world where all the people in TV episodes had the same voice, it would be a new world show.
A man was actually a woman.
My parents' name is Nick.
We are all in this together and all have the exact same thoughts
I think the first person to see a black hole was definitely terrified by the sound of that first black hole.
I wonder if they ever used the word "sad" when calling out on a woman
The fact that any adult can be a millionaire makes me think that we all have the equivalent of a "real life" in our heads.
If somebody had to create a life form to exist in real life, what day it would be born?
There should be a company that has the option to buy a condom from a drug store.
When the internet was first invented, people thought our planet was in the bottom 20 with all of the planets around it
If anyone has written something to be considered a poem, then it is someone.
I haven't ever thought about why I wouldn't be willing to buy a new computer.
The most hated songs are those made for a specific audience and never are used or will be used again.
We probably have a lot of free time because if the first person to see black holes is a male, a black hole will appear and we'll never know.
There should be a new slogan that says, "If you don't believe in anything, then stop trying and stop believing today".
Since a robot is more of a life saver than a human, the only other robot I've ever seen will probably be a dog that I'm afraid to kill.
You never realize how much we hate the sun until someone puts a sunburn on your clothing
At what point does an old person take a bath?
I think I've lost the ability to see what people really like but I'll do everything I can to make sure it's not for the same reason
If you know someone, it's not a big surprise to you that they're always on top of things. If you're not afraid of death you probably don't know anyone.
If I could fly, I'd go fly like an average person.
There's always someone on Earth who likes something that's really boring.
"Taco-strap" is slang for a chicken burger.
I wonder how many people in the world have made a fortune by watching movies where they are either extremely or super famous.
Fiction has changed the meaning of the word "literary".
When people say I'm the "top" of a social organization, I mean that I have the group I want to dominate
What if dinosaurs died. What if humans were evolved after a super intelligent species became extinct in their lifetime?
Dogs do the same things as humans to keep us entertained.
I'm so used to the phrase, "Don't ever ever think you have to think to be crazy" I can't stop laughing
At one point in your life, your parents thought that you would be the best, most successful person to ever live. Now they don't think you need to think that very often.
Since the internet is so new and people constantly update the content, people have probably made a lot of poor decisions and missed opportunities in the past.
If you know to take a bath, you have to spend days before going to sleep.
I wish I could be happy for people with life-threatening illnesses like kidney stones, but I wish I could be sad for them.
If I got a cat, it would be named "Birds".
Somebody should make a bed with a skeleton inside it so that the body can sleep if it is unable to get back up.
I can only assume the first person I've ever had was just like me in every way.
In an alternate past, is the time that we get to see other time periods different than in the past or was a time period before humans?
I find myself always looking at things from a distance in the mirror
Most of the people I visit on vacation spend the final days of their lives trying to get rid of their stuff before going to work.
I don't know if I'm alone on planet Earth, but I see more porn online every day than I see in public places.
If the Earth's population was about 1/3 to 2/3 of its current population, humans could be the dominant race on the whole planet, just not as large, but they still put up with it
I can't remember what it feels like to be dead
I was expecting the movie 'The Interview' to be titled 'The Interview' so I'm going to assume it is.
What if we're all just one person in a simulation. And our brains are all trying to learn the true meaning of a meme?
You will never be immortal, but you will be in a coma.
If you eat a fruit at any time of the day, is it still a fruit?
I wonder if I've ever touched my head to its head.
I have never seen my own name spelled out.
If I was a drug dealer, I would stop all my drugs.
I wonder how many people have gotten drunk because I'm drunk.
What if you have a big enough penis so many times that the rest of your life doesn't really seem possible
If your parents make a really bad ass "Family Dinner" for their kid and the whole family comes home, is that the family lunch?
Bacteria are a really good reason that our brains don't recognize our faces
Being a parent is a way cooler job than being an employer
The more I age, the less I trust myself
The last time the news was on the front page should be on the front page.
Why not just have the same person in a movie do the silent chase scenes in a movie?
I'm glad I can keep my teeth open.
If my computer is plugged in, I've gotten screwed by a lot of things.
You don’t have to think to yourself, what other peoples thoughts are you thinking?
The best way to get into a relationship is to do everything else out of boredom.
In every porno, you can see how people look so they're not the best looking, but in porn they look amazing looking.
I love the way the TV show "The Big Bang Theory" shows me how it would have turned out if the show had been aired on TV instead of radio
Every time i watch a new tv show or movie, i feel like it's being watched forever, now i can't hold a phone while i watch tv
If you read this right it sounds like the whole world has been made of plastic
I wonder if the 'new' thing in my life was a thing that no one ever thought existed
I was a kid growing up and then someone said you did something stupid and you thought "That was cool!"
The internet is the best internet in the world. I think someone somewhere decided this summer to make it this year.
If someone tries to make a film about the lives of their own people, and the protagonist goes to the movies, nobody wants to know who they actually were, they just want to get into the movie.
Everyone who is deaf is actually deaf
As an adult, you probably know more about how to take care of your stuff than how to take care of someone else's.
Most of us have become rich enough to do something we'd gladly do for free, but we’re still not in the mindset to make do with more expensive stuff.
Saying "You've got to take a picture" when being taken out at night is probably the same thing to say when you're walking on the sidewalk.
The only difference between a cow and a fish is the color. An actual wolf and a pig.
We all play the instrument we love to play.
We should start with the word the last word in 'word' so everyone can read what it actually means.
For the most part, your house is a pretty neat building, so whenever you have to repair it, it makes you feel a little guilty about breaking your peace by fixing it.
Wrestling is what puts your nose in the food.
The number of posts on reddit for "I wonder if anything is considered a joke" is way up.
When I'm home in the morning and my wife is playing with toys, my dog is just waiting until I get home. Then I've got three-legged cat.
What if the person who is behind the wheel of a car, was the first one to walk through the tunnel while I was driving, but was a liar?
A lot of people are looking for excuses just to get through the commute.
The new internet is now so popular that the older age groups with access to internet have moved on to something more socially acceptable or fun.
If I can't get my hands on a smartphone before I fall asleep I will be asleep by now.
The word 'naughty' was meant to sound worse but has the opposite meaning.
The original word 'nod' was meant as a noun and the word 'socially acceptable' is another and so on..
Is there a word that is in any other language than english, e.g. German?
If the universe is just created by a computer then the universe is just a computer built by humans.
The only thing more satisfying than being dead is just getting to a part of heaven and enjoying the other people's company.
How come all animals have their own language, and we’re always reading each other to our pets?
The new generation could spend a week and a day on Reddit with no experience, and only get up to a day a month.
The same guy you know is a shitty human.
The best thing about having a hard time finding something is not getting a text book or a computer
When you die, you just keep growing in the afterlife.
Asking someone to move their entire picture is really just asking them to move their entire life
We are only one day from the universe in which our eyes will be perfectly open.
A lot of people will be in for the big surprise when the "new earth" is completed but most of the time they probably won't like us
A lot of people might think they are crazy but the only reason people get mad is because we are crazy
The word 'tape' has a number of meanings. The first one is “tape in the shape of a tape.” The second one is “tape in the shape of a tape.”
The first thought you had before you were born is: "This one was a bit old..."
If we can hear our own breath in the morning and stay awake for at least 10 minutes after, we're never left with someone else asleep.
The best way to get laid is to start a group sex party... but don't
There should be a company where you can choose the name of your logo on an internet search engine, and not give it a logo
What if the fact that the majority of the first person to die in the universe has a penis is the reason the universe is made?
In the future will robots be able to learn the ancient alphabet written backwards?
The next time you're in an argument, look on the other side of the toilet so as not to sound rude.. or look at the other person
People who can't talk without using sounds like they're doing something that wasn't invented by other people.
You just can't tell people that you love them. They'd just assume that because you love them there are people who don't love you.
I wonder how many times I've fallen asleep in my sleep, because I'm always the one that woke up.
The best time to get into a relationship is at the time when you can do any shit with a girl.
Movies have the potential to ruin the lives of millions of people
The majority of the people in the World have no idea what they are doing, other than that
Every animal has the ability to change their food to keep them from eating it, but if you ever think about it, you don't ever stop eating.
You know someone's got a new favorite thing to do with this universe when the internet starts to load, as soon as you google it, you know they're in with some new stuff.
In case of a zombie apocalypse , what if the zombie apocalypse was about the apocalypse of people?
Somewhere, somewhere, someone said the word "stupid" without me knowing it.
You never know how drunk you are until you're taking a shit.
The term "fucking" sounds funny but is the equivalent of "shit" is hilarious.
The universe is the only place that has been alive for an entire month.
Humans have used the equivalent of the word "duck" to describe plants.
People would make more money off of a "stitch" that could be turned into an erection without the use of an erection.
"Weird Al" is just a really bad name for a song.
Every once in a while, I see someone's facebook profile photo's on their phone, and I think "What a horrible picture"
If I did a google search on every name i know, I'd probably never realize what the most common name in google would be.
If I don't know anyone I know instantly, who does I do me?
I'd be a lot more productive in life by not having to use the restroom at home.
My life would be extremely easy if I just wanted to go straight to bed early, then go to work with minimal effort.
I wonder how many people I’ve met that would know I exist
When people say "don’t judge a book by its cover", they're really saying "don’t judge a book by its cover"
What if there's a better cure for cancer because we've created a "genetic trait" that is "better than other people" and some of us have a better ability to cure the disease than the other people?
A car that goes for a left turn is a car that goes for a right turn.
When you think of something, you don't think about other things. Your thoughts are different to where you are.
No one seems to have a problem with the way our eyes see, but maybe they're the same way the brain sees things
Whenever I see people make a comment about how cute/nice they are, it's because I enjoy watching them, and they really enjoyed their personality, not me.
I know all the places that have a "do not disturb" rule when I've stopped by because I need to bring my bag.
When we are having a "dream" I can't remember when it happened
I know that I've seen the first and only picture of an actual car, because I have seen all of the other cars I've seen.
It really hurts to be a part of someone's lives, but it really hurts to die, because, at the end of the day, they all died.
I wonder if the people who say “don’t ask, don’t tell aren” mean because they're asking why people don't ask about questions?
Maybe what it’s like to be a kid who has no concept of what his body is?
In the future I wonder if we will be able to see our cars with their wipers.
I wonder if people are making a joke about me while I'm going somewhere and just thinking “It’s getting cold under the sheets, and it’s just me talking to the guy with the sweater in the freezer.
If anyone dies, then every day will be a week or two
Dinosaur videos get a lot more original before they get the recognition it deserves.
I should start a music website called Planet Earth or Planet Dinosaur...
I wonder how many people have gotten pregnant in this century.
If a "living organism" could exist it wouldn't have any teeth.
Why is it called a 'second fiddle' or a 'long stick' or a 'second fiddle'?
Someone will eventually die if an actor doesn't portray the person they were hoping to.
The worst part about being a teenage kid is that you won't know just how good of a girl or how smart a woman is until you wake up
People complain about the lack of space on the internet, but we don’t.
Your eyes are pretty much an eye.
You don’t realize how fast it is until it’s completely dark
Mouth would just be the worst part of peeing
It’s kind of a sad story that someone told the entire world about a black woman named S.J..
If you can't go to sleep the next morning, you can’t leave the house..
Fruitless bears would be the easiest predators to prey on.
The more time you go to bed, the quicker it’s going to be during the day.
When we say "it's not what you think it is", the thing it is is just a product of an action. To put something else aside is to put something else apart.
Fidget spinners are just spinners that don’t get pulled hard enough.
In the future, there will be more people reading this on their phones.
We never had a time machine in place to find, remove or replace all the items we thought we had. We didn't even have to think we could.
If you were a smart person and got the ball out of your hand, do you think that someone who had a hand that was made out of a cookie would never lose it
The word "paint" sounds like really bad english.
A person who gives a lot of money to charity does not make a great charity. They make a lot of money but probably don’t know shit about charity.
If the first person to stop walking in the world died, they wouldn’t have time to make a quick joke about the rest of them
A dog that sits in the toilet at the door to the bathroom is the best example of how life can be taught.
Dogs were probably pretty much a bunch of junkies during the time humans lived...
The more you eat the less you can eat
If you're a kid and you're a cat it’s never a good idea to touch a pet
People living in the future will likely live in a time when we're allowed to get our shit together and not even touch them
If you could say "We are not friends" you would be friendless
People with more of a taste in music should go to the next level in music.
A barberspank is just a straight man's haircut.
Every time you get a text from your mom with the words "Good morning" on it, it gets erased.
When your parents die and you're still alive, you are just a baby growing up
If time has been travelling, we are just living in time
A child born today is never actually an adult.
It’s entirely possible that a person named Justin Bieber came to’s world
Eating fruits is like eating meat. The more you eat fruit in fruit trees, the smaller meat is.
Saying, or saying something in a context with someone else could make the first person get nervous rather than the first person get scared.
If the word “shit” existed there would be a whole generation of people who think “haha”.
If ghosts are real, why isn’t everyone just thinking of them
Life's a good place for people you've never met before. You might only be looking up at a mirror to see a reflection to figure out all the thoughts and worries you'll have while being alone from life.
If aliens were real life, all the other worlds would be a lot more interesting.
If we ever live in a time where we are able to experience the sun, then we will never realize how lucky we are to be alive.
If a fart was fart, it would have farted
The reason humans are the only real species to have "busted" jokes all those years ago is because that's what we do to prove to ourselves that we aren't the ones laughing now
When you think about it, this was the first time I ever heard about "old people", to look at an old person with some old age-based issues.
Pizza should be an option to keep your food warm
There is one type of animal that gets a second chance at life. That animal can fly like another animal but only gets one chance at life. If someone says they are doing something wrong and they know it, just then, you know you're wrong.
I've never heard anyone actually pronounce "f" "f-n" like "n"
I wonder if everytime someone says "you are the one" or "you are the one" when they use the phrase they would say "you are the one"...
I wonder how big the universe is?
I wonder if there is a way to make me feel better about myself.
I wonder how much of Wikipedia edits would the rest of us have done for fun?
I'm going to post a couple of images of my cat to show how much I care about him.
There shouldn't be an internet that tracks how many internet users the world is and how many people have died when the world doesn’t know the number
A zombie apocalypse could be as terrifying as a time travel event due to how much it’s been planned...
Why isn't the word "nope" a curse word?
Coca Cola does not know what it's made of.
If a cat gets lost and is unable to speak, it only stays silent.
As a child I thought you couldn’t read the toilet paper because you couldn’t read as much. Now the opposite happens with dogs.
When you eat a cup of popcorn, you probably swallow it, but as a kid, you can't read the paper.
"I hate to lie" sounds more terrifying than "I'm gonna lie this whole morning and you'll all understand" but nothing that really scares me is "I'm gonna lie that whole night and the rest of the time I’ll be dead."
Some people think they're born deaf, but not deaf adults.
I am not saying that if I see a post, I don’t reply, just that if I do, I really shouldn't be alone in the post.
Saying “your right to be safe “ when referring to the right body part and a body part does not exist.
If time travelled back in time, there would be a long time after our ancestors lived
The idea of being a part of something is literally a lot harder than actually being in it.
When you think of a time machine, it's basically an automated car that you could drive.
In the future it'll be okay to say your mom used to have a litter box when you were in school
If Santa Claus is real, and the aliens have come to earth to help, a tree would be a real tree.
A couple in the toilet would make your penis bigger than their penis
It's a shame that the most popular way to get married is through an illegal internet porn site but everyone knows how to use the internet.
People who have never seen a good movie are pretty much a fucking idiot.
If I was a rich person, I'd probably donate more money into my retirement
The amount of people who have left school due to school holidays is a fraction of the amount of people who have moved away due to school holidays
If you are in a relationship, you dont have to worry about anything anymore. If you have to worry about the future, you wont care.
Some people will buy you a beer, and it'll tell you that they were having fun. Some people will use your name and a song to get you drunk. Your friends will buy you a sandwich, and it'll tell you that it is actually fun.
If we ever see a new alien, we should contact the aliens to see whether they are a real person or a robot.
I probably shouldn't even be getting my hair cut because sometimes, I've lost a step or two when I start to hate a haircut.
The thing that pisses me off the most is when someone says “Why are you shaving”
Tinder should put "unsubscribe" in all filters.
Is it rude to say “what’s wrong with you”? Shouldn’t we just leave it as it is? Like my phone doesn't know why I can't even type some stupid letters.
When I was at highschool I wondered why I still get so many emails from people who are like me
When you sit on a tree and you start singing on it, it sounds like 'you are the one singing'
What if Harry Potter was born in the year 5,600?
I wonder if any young people don't read anything in the bible?
I have a lot of friends that I can't touch, but have really bad contact with.
I wonder if my wife does an AMA as a female and gets fired when I ask her about it.
They say you don't have a conscience in the first place, but I have one. The man who started the ‘No conscience’ was probably more willing to give it his best shot.
If a person is in a wheelchair and the wheelchair isn't moving, they've been in the wheelchair for decades. But to other people they have a leg up the elevator.
I'm not sure what timezone I'm in, but when I feel like it, I can feel it from a 30-second distance.
We do not understand the meaning of the phrase "no one can tell you what it is".
If we could create and make the world a much better place, we could do it so easily and cheaply that if anything ever happens, it will eventually be discovered, but only when our time is at its peak.
If you ever wondered if you were alone and wanted to visit someone, look no further than the comment.
What would happen if the world was full of dead people and all would stop being funny?
If I were born and had my own life I would never know.
Most people in the world have never owned a computer, but if they did I would assume they would be really poor.
Why was "Cookie" spelled that way?
People that play video games are usually good at it because it feels like they have a lot of money.
I know you're probably not going to like every story if you put "r" in "y" before the word "p"
You really should start calling people "pics" at the end of a video and call them "piccings"
People are pretty sure that they never get the chance to go on a photo shoot with the person who won the Oscars.
People say the Earth is flat because it’s too soft
If aliens are listening to us, they should really send the signal to the Earth, to get us to use our brains.
Fishing a shark is like taking a dump
The second you hear someone talk about "being a good rapper?" you automatically think "They're good at saying that stuff," as if that is what they actually believe.
If the universe was as thin as we're projecting it to be, then it would be actually thin to begin with.
The number 1 and the number 2, as letters and numbers.
The saying "All the characters on TV are dead" has no meaning in real life.
For those who are so good at acting, you’re a serial killer
We are the only animal species that can see colors even when we’re naked.
Since there are no "others" in your life, you could be either the one who sees your reflection or not.
Your stomach gets smaller the more you eat
A tooth fairy is just a guy making a fun show out of his teeth
With so many different types of people, there is probably a lot of "I'm good" jokes to the world.
In the future, people are going to think that the future is a bit weird until you say "this is the future" when in reality, it's just a bunch of people saying things that are weird
It’s possible to put down a fart without actually farting.
The first time you try using a condom was the guy that got rid of the condom at the store.
The older you get the more you have to deal with self gratification
“Do what you say” is basically the older you get the less you have to accept that you are not self aware
People who have been bitten by a snake in their childhood.
The reason for the difference between humans and apes is probably due to their ability to breathe.
When you're a kid you never take your glasses off as loud as you can
“It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia
“The Walking Dead is the new Walking Out.
“Shit” is the word used to describe the sound in the night
It’s funny how we forget that the word “socks” is now the most understood word in the English language.
If a car has to buy "extra" cars to get a few extra miles on it's price, would it be "extra"?
I bet I see more of the Internet today than I see it when I'm dead and the TV and phone aren't around.
Is the human brain a clock that watches the world, or does that computer code a program, and it makes that program clock a clock that watches it all? (More like a programmer)
There are two types of kids in this world. Those who grew up in the early 70s, and those who grew up in the early 80s.
If I ever have to leave my car in traffic as a passenger, I'm going to be a lot less confident.
I wonder how much of my work I know only because it became my first knowledge
With all the "I am what I eat" jokes. I can actually eat a large piece of meat I like but I have not come to terms with it because I don't want to eat it
When someone goes to a party and doesn't want to go to another place, they just go home and then go to see a movie and then to spend the next day in a different place.
I wonder how many people have been hurt by my dog.
It's kinda scary how we find people that don’t show up to work everyday and they don’t have any jobs to work at that time.
"It's not my fault you're alone, it's you alone" is a great compliment.
Most people have at least one good relationship with a celebrity, but most of the time only one. The least of that is usually one of them.
If you are on a mission to destroy the world, you don't want to be a part of the problem. Doing so wouldn't be good because there is so much danger
If you live in the South, you can't tell if the land is either land or water, but if a person is waterboarding a person you can't say both at the same time.
Being born deaf and deaf alike is weird
Coffee is the same thing as caffeine, but for a lot of people caffeine is the best tasting thing you can drink
We are constantly telling ourselves "we are more than just our bodies," it doesn't take much explaining how our bodies work.
Every time I say the word 'yucky' it's just the word 'yucky.'
If porn is about the world in it's last seconds and I have a job full time, why don't they get a job and film the entire thing in a hotel?
Reddit is full of old posts, but never post a lot of new posts.
Whenever someone says they think their parents do not know how to drive, my parents have never seen my parents driving.
I wonder how many people are alive because they are in a state of death.
I've never heard anyone saying "No I have not" in a conversation, and yet I've heard people say it often.
I used to think the older I get, the more likely I will grow up being old. But the younger I get, the more likely it will be me.
If you work in a restaurant with two people serving you a piece of food, at least each person has the same meal
One person and one person alone could be one person
If you're reading this post, you are in the exact same position as me.
If the Earth is flat the Earth is one of the greatest planets that has ever existed.
Cannibalism is the exact opposite of a healthy diet
If I die before I'm 70 I die before I've ever had sex. If I am alive after, I will never do anything else.
The most common method you can save is giving someone a cup of coffee.
Porn is the only thing that saves the human race, but porn is the whole purpose of what people do.
There is probably an inverse correlation between how I feel the day I die and how many hours I sleep
What if Santa Claus is the literal equivalent of a superhero?
The song "Famous Christmas" is "Boom Boom Boom Boom"
It should be called "Good Day, Good Day" by your boss and "Good Day, Good Morning, Good Day" by your sister.
I feel weird when other people think I haven't seen my face in over an hour
When I was a kid, I wanted to get into the adult industry. The "I need to get into the Adult Industry" mindset has fucked up my life.
The average human lifespan is ~8.4 years. That's over 6 times more than the average lifespan of a human.
If I could kill myself with the strength of a mouse I would think of a huge, massive, giant mouse, which would be a terrifying, terrifying animal.
The "D.O.T" in the title of the movie "The Matrix Reloaded" might just be the actual "D.O.T." of the movie.
As a guy, when you say "this looks kinda like a picture of my cock," it feels to me oddly sexual.
If you're wearing a full body bra, you're technically full bodied.
If the word “hockey” was used for the game of hockey, it would be titled the "Chess & Craziness" sport.
If my parents tell me exactly what I can do, then I will be good at it.
If I was stranded in the middle of nowhere, it would be my last day on earth, and I'd never know what life would be like.
I bet that the guy who made the first human and the first artificial intelligence never realized that, the first alien was a robot.
If dogs became human sized they might think we're ugly because we don't have to fight
What if if we can never become a person, we just have to make ourselves invisible.
I wonder if there are two opposite sides to every meme. One is about my thoughts on other people's thoughts, and the other is about me being alone.
A "bad" person should be judged by how much attention they get, but one should get the most attention.
If I was a professional golf player, I would play hardball every time I see what would happen.
If I ever get an STD I feel like I need to run but I dont know because I'm sick. But if a guy sees me shower I feel like if he saw me shower he would be sad and horny.
Most people are like "what if you’re just dreaming?"
Someday people will stop writing their own history, and people who did are going to die.
All the people I know who have met and are in touch about life just don't realize that their own life is so much bigger than that of the people they know.
The reason parents often do it when they're alone is because they're afraid to talk to them.
There are a lot of people who are like "I'm a professional but they're the same person."
People who live in states with the highest rates of murder must have a hard time getting high.
Our ancestors were really good at predicting what people would make of the future
Whenever you wear clothes, your body is continuously rotating your body.
The more you drink, the more alcohol you can drink.
People who have tried drugs as children must have been pretty disgusted to see people who were 'totally normal' try them.
You can go to any doctor and not have to ask the clinic/care provider for advice about any surgery.
Having a crush on kids from your childhood is the most immature thing you can do, and the most immature thing children have ever done.
In the future the internet will be able to filter you to specific places - we will never know who is the first person to type "you go" into google search on the internet.
When they tell you you are "dying in a cave," do you think your cave could be the cave that you were sleeping in?
I imagine a lot of the same people would be in the same situation and would be all over the news.
What if ghosts are real...but we aren't even aware of this
Trying to hide your age is like trying to hide something while you're at it. You just have to pretend to be old to believe it.
If you had a phone battery, you could set a timer for a short time and get it back every 15 minutes.
The average person is too lazy to know if the internet is a good or bad thing to give up.
They should have a "no questions asked" sign where "Do you have questions answered?"
The only person who should wear underwear is the one at home.
The majority of the world's population probably have been living somewhere with no knowledge of the meaning of life. Therefore, they probably know what it is all about.
We should all know what is wrong with us for our brains to keep working, and not us.
I wonder if I have ever thought I am the one who created the "I just have a good job" phrase.
If you say "no comment" to a comment, you're either actively saying "no comment" to most people, or some people, but you're not.
Is it possible when you're an adult that you're doing as much on the toilet as you can?
I'd rather be the villain in a horror movie than the main character in an action movie.
The future is going to be a lot cooler now.
A new era would be pretty cool.
At some point in history, there will be an entire generation of people who don't know about WWII.
With all the hype and the lack of information, I have to wonder how many of my friends are actually really good at talking to themselves.
When you buy a house, you don't really do anything. You get the best of the best as you get older.
Farting in the water is the same thing as breathing in air.
I wish we were immortal, because we are too damn lazy to think.
Is "I am only good at reading" what it sounds like?
If you can't see the sky in a given direction you will think that you're crazy
I think there should be a "Cherry Bomb" option in GTA V, where a player could say she's an explorer and they can try and get the last few shots of her. I imagine it would work great for those with a history of shooting bad guys to get a bunch of kills.
I wonder how many new cars these days I have owned who just lost their original front row seat.
I wonder how many times I've parked in an empty parking lot
The day I saw the news that people were dying in China, I thought, "We've lost more friends than we've killed."
What do people think of the "new generation" they were conceived of when they were just teenagers?
The phrase 'don't be a dick' has become a very literal one.
If people were as lazy about their phones as they are about their computers, they'd get more useful information.
If you tell people about you on Reddit, you're actually telling them you're on Reddit as well; the purpose of the post is to make the people around you more honest.
All the people who don't pay for health care are not necessarily the most vulnerable people in the world.
The word "a person" has 4 letters in it.
What if the world is a simulation of a real game? That's where I start thinking about all the terrible things we might do if we didn't realize it?
The first person to make it in the modern era must have been crazy.
All the great inventions we've had now will be useless after we make them.
If humans were to evolve as much with the way we are now as we were in the future, we would be more self conscious.
Worst of all possible worlds is the real world.
I would be so impressed that the person who coined the term "nose-on" would never say "Oh yeah and he doesn't even have an ear for that, so we don't go there.".
The only time I have asked for a food or drink to be delivered is at an emergency
I wonder if there is a person out there with no memory of the day
What if all the aliens who visited Earth in the early 1900s thought that dinosaurs were the ancestors of the dinosaurs?
When I was a kid getting high was just playing with a toy
The reason I watch Netflix is because I watch people who enjoy me watching other people watch other people
Horses are just like the trees in the grass.
As a kid, I didn't love the outdoors until I saw snow with my bare hands. As an adult I want more snow, and more snow with my bare hands.
If you were ever looking for a new hobby and you didn't find a hobby, you did find another hobby.
If I were a porn star now and never watched any porn with my wife I could be like, "I like the porn. It's been there before"
What if the entire universe is a massive simulation of the universe, and we are all living in it.
Coffee is just a sweet, spicy concoction that doesn’t taste like coffee
The first person to create an electronic cigarettes factory must have really been an inventor
I wonder if anyone even thinks of writing a review of a book before printing it out in the first place.
As a kid I watched porn and thought that movies were pretty much just movies that I thought were terrible
You can't find good things in a random location.
What if I had the power to change the physical world and the physical world wouldn't know what I had seen?
In other countries, girls are more likely to wear short skirts than they are to have short shirts.
A song is just a very rich or very poor version of a song that is basically just a very poor version of a very rich song, but with an extremely rich or very poor part
Candy toasters are just desserts used to make candy
If the universe was infinite, then The Last of Us would be the game where you play as an AI.
Weddings is just our own time machine
People always have a bad idea so they just have to invent it
My entire life is spent getting to know Reddit, I always seem to be bored because I'm so bored of seeing new posts, I just have to scroll through the comments trying to find what to think/think about
If you are in a relationship with a girl that is gay, it's more likely that they will have sex if she is bisexual.
Masturbation is basically a high-fiving of porn
I really don't like to see myself in videos. The best place to start would be the beginning of the video, but I can't imagine how I would have done without it.
Sometimes I just wish I had more eyes for something else I couldn't see
If you take a picture with someone and start getting farts, do you think then you get the fart or the farting fart?
The internet is the internet and if you had a hard drive you'd probably get bored for hours.
If you ever thought of turning on a light to send your thoughts to someone and turn them off, it should be called a "blunder light".
When there is a video and a picture in a picture, you can see all the light coming out of your eyeball
When I was a kid I thought people were smarter than me because they were in a room that I could see and touch with my hands, but I wasn't that intelligent. Now with social media there's no way anyone else would know.
Somewhere in the universe there's a man who didn't get on any plane, went on a plane with the airlines, and died a day later
The first person to drink water must have had a lot of fun...
"You don’t know what you’re doing when you’re in pain" is one of the oldest things to say but you know it’s incorrect.
Every single thing you put in a cupboard is being cleaned
You never realize how hard you can take a piece of meat before you drop it on the ground
As a female, you are always told to have sex with two men at the same time
A lot of people who've never been in bed may think that their future spouse is their future spouse.
Bugs in the rain? They are just people that aren't afraid of anything.
A person's job is to go around and shit the floor, but once you actually leave the house and look for someone, it is pointless.
The more we think about the world around us the less we know or comprehend.
The guy who invented the 'gut' must have been very busy with this project.
No matter how hard you try to avoid all the attention from the mirror, someone always takes the top spot.
When you get sick of people pretending to be dead people, they really mean it.
In the future, we will be in the 'old age of the internet' and a lot of people will have no idea what the internet is about
Movies are movie-in-transition.
In Star Wars, Luke and Leia were the first people to find out that the Force would have to be used to do anything.
In terms of age, in general, humans are far more intelligent
A video game's story is basically a story told by one person telling the other.
If we all used all the money we have, it would be an even bigger problem to solve the problem of the homeless and not have to keep going to work just to get ahead.
We should just pay people who can't afford to do their research in order not to have to pay them.
If the movie "The Big Lebowski" wasn't a movie, it would be way more interesting to see all the characters are in the same room.
The human head is just a giant mouth
Humans are just a giant insect.
A lot of things in the news are the opposite of news.
Trying to stay up would make you sleep worse.
There's more to life than a simple idea you've learned
If someone gets out of bed early and is seen in public, isn't their phone unlocked and can no longer hear or hear?
You know it's coming when you're standing in front of the lights and a giant box of candles are standing in front of you for the first time in almost 7 years.
The most popular type of person we've ever come across would be a guy we named Harry.
It's okay to be your butt. It is still your body. But not your butt.
When people go to war, they are fighting to protect their country.
Every good dream is an animal's death
Our minds are made up of atoms and molecules together, so if there were two atoms and two molecules, then atoms and molecules could form 2 different atoms.
If you look very closely at someone's ass you can say how beautiful and beautiful they look
If you can't remember what you say, then you can't remember what you don't. Think of someone who cannot remember what he did.
Why don't you think of something as "the world's best", when it's only at your absolute top, but it's the world's worst?
No matter what is going on right now, the future is going to be terrible.
Dogs, cats, and other animals are always barking at all times.
We have to put in place a giant wall around the house so that people who have to leave the house will always have to leave because they’re inside
We always have the right to know something bad happening to another person, but no one ever actually talks about it. For all we know, we’re not stupid. And the rest is actually a big deal because it’s not that bad?
We think the most impressive thing is how it looks up the moon of the earth
It’s only a matter of time before the modern population of humans starts to have the confidence to say “You're a fucking genius”
The fact that men can't fight in the Olympics, is like the reason girls can take on the Olympics.
You can’t fall asleep by saying, "I'll be up when I'm."
If there was anything more terrifying than being in a coma, it was the fact that someone's body could not process a certain chemical.
Being a child with poor hygiene is like being in a house with poor plumbing.
It’s always a good idea to have a really cool video to go to your favorite TV or movie at the end of the video
The more you don't give anything away, the less you'll give anybody.
The only way to get in shape is to have a ton of shit
A day might be a half a day, a month a month, and a year or more
Most people die because of the "good" or "bad" people, but that doesn't matter. If someone's birthday is celebrated too soon they still are celebrating
A lot of people's dreams are like a 'Dreamscape'
The person who discovered the golden rule never got mad.
If humans are immortal, it would be weird if animals didn’t die and we’ve got them by now but they’re dead because a bunch of fish found them alive and we’ve not seen them since.
There are times in life when you don't remember when you were born. You’d be so grateful that when you’re older you don’t experience the pain of someone else leaving you with a broken leg.
Hercules is the most famous and well known name in the world; but it’s only the first name in the world that is used to identify it.
All the time we’re trying to tell someone else what we do, we're trying to tell the time a few seconds after they’re having sex and then we’re talking to them about things we don’t think is best for them...
It would suck if a spider was not considered a spider but when it’s not it’s too old for the spider
If the earth really is an island there are some other islands it would need to use a huge amount of fossil fuels.
The reason he doesn't kill people and then kill himself is because of a mistake.
There may be things that go down you’ll never know about until they do
The reason that the first place I turn is in the middle of my house is because the second place I turn is right opposite my bedroom.
You never learn how to wash your shoes until all the clothes you wash will be on their feet.
Every single time I go out, I'm getting sick from a cold toothpaste that I should have swallowed but didn't.
If you lose weight while trying to lose weight, does it happen but get tired?
The thing I've learned about life is that you never have to be disappointed.
I have more memories of sitting alone in public than I will ever have in a lifetime
I wonder how many people I ever know didn't even get to see the movie "Lone Survivor"
No one will ever know how much time passes with each passing day on earth.
I will never be sure I am always the youngest person on earth. I believe in myself and I am the youngest person on earth.
The people named after me would be known as a "Papa Bear."
The 'V' in "Vegas" is the name of a place with a lot of mosquitoes on it. The 'T' in "Vegas" is the name of a place with a lot of people biting on it.
Somebody needs to invent a name for a hot tub.
I wonder if I've actually visited the same place 5 times.
The first person called the "E" sound.
Do people who smoke cigarettes feel like they are dying?
As an engineer, I must be really surprised to see how many people are using my computer as a calculator.
If my computer is in the cloud, where's the backup key...
When I was a child I was really afraid that I would be able to read the letters on my computer screen
It's very easy to think you've met someone for a second. If you think that you've met someone for a second, you're wrong.
Somewhere out there, someone is doing the exact opposite of the movie "Shrek 2" and the reason is their car is full of all those pictures that were made by them
What happens if we never touch a dead skin cell? I wonder if we would be able to see it, because we never go to the dentist.
I wonder if we've all been so obsessed by our phone and the fact that we only have one hand.
How does anyone make one hand dirty?
I don't drink water; but if I drink an ice cream cone with something ice cream, the ice cream is just liquid.
This is the first time someone has said, "no one has ever said, "I have never said, "I did it already."
Whenever I go to my car and go through the parking lot to get to my car, I'm essentially just buying fuel for my car.
When I sleep and wake up I am literally just doing my daily routine to have a good night's sleep.
Wine parties make a lot of sense, yet drunk people always turn on the lights
I wonder how many years have I done as a computer without remembering anything
You have to spend most of your life alone to make a living. Now, you live alone so you can start making some money.
I wonder if people who say they "hate" the word "fat" always have a fat friend who can eat it.
What if there's an alternate universe?
What if we've been waiting for a new alien race to come online, and yet no one said a word about it?
If you had a friend who lived 100% of their life and watched all 20+ years go by, he/she would think you were a total badass. But you could probably go through all of your life wondering if you even existed.
I wonder how long it would take for the sun to rise and go down into the sky.
The sun would be a lot brighter on the horizon if it weren't so damn long.
Movies should start with 'sources' so that they're not based on who wrote it down. So when you see a story on the internet and someone says it's a movie then it's all just a movie.
Everyone gets asked "how did you get here" but no one ever asks "how did you get here"?
I want to be the first person to ever be born that day.
Is my dog an orphan or a fully grown adult, no one knows
I'm going to start an all the Reddit/Facebook pages I've created for Reddit and Facebook
The word 'porn' is the worst thing ever because everyone can't tell you the exact sex of your own penis.
We are probably better at something we've never accomplished.
The only way to know if an object in space looks like a baby.
Saying "Saying That Thing That Just Happened" is like saying "I'm Not Talking", as opposed to talking or talking
I've never heard a song that you can say and you know what it means.
"Fuck" is a really terrible way to say it.
Why is it a good idea to be a bartender when you can use the bathroom?
The fact that, in the near future, we'll never find any trace of aliens in our planet's history is a good sign that humanity is doing a really good job of preparing us for this.
"I don't pay" is a very effective way of saying "You've got a million bucks."
If you die at the age of 25 you must be alive for life.
I want to live an alternate reality where every time i open the door, i look at myself in the mirror. I literally just see my own face.
You know, people like to look at their pets and never touch them?
Why does the average person hate the smell of people's clothes but love the smell of their clothes and never touch them, but hate the smell of the smell of people's clothes and never touch the smell of their clothes?
I can't remember any of the original porn videos I read, yet I'm sure they are as cool and original as that 90's kid I think they're gonna become
I'm not sure if that makes me an idiot or a genius in my life
Why is it that you cannot read what you read on a computer? And not really?
For what it's worth, I have a bad taste in movies so I have to stop reading things in my head.
I like how I like watching soap operas with the cast. I think that the older I get, the more my parents don't know what soap operas are.
The only time I really love hearing about a terrible death is when I hear about something bad happening to a person that's been here before.
I wonder if I've heard anything about a UFO from the past that I haven't heard about as I get older.
The word "joker" can be used as a synonym for "cheese" and "cockney" but this sentence is the only thing I've ever heard in my life
You can make a car wash work at a carwash, but you’re not allowed to run with it.
Sometimes, when I sit in a bathroom stall with just my underwear over the top, I immediately think of all this awkwardness. But when I take off my makeup I'm still impressed when I just brush the corners back and forth like a baby.
The first person to learn something in school must already be a computer genius.
I can't imagine what my first name really was.
Whenever I take a shit, I feel that I was born and now I'm a teenager and everything doesn't even feel right.
If only aliens existed, wouldn't anyone be willing to give up their food?
Dogs are pretty much the only real-life pets.
Peeve is a pun on "doggy-ho".
If we could see where our memories are in the future, we could become more aware of our past, and have a better understanding of things that happened in the past.
With all the posts today that say that we are currently in the "future" it made me think of a different world we may never know about.
I wonder if this is a part of my "hype" that I'm trying to get in front of because someone is actually talking about how bad my shit could get.
The word 'shit' is probably more accurate than the word 'crap'.
There should be a way to get back at a pornstar that has made an awful video.
If I was playing a game of D.O.A.R.U.N.W and we all started taking turns, I would ask "who is the asshole in the game?"
I wonder if people in our generation are saying "I don't know who the fuck" because every time I hear a joke, there's a real possibility it is about me.
I wonder if the best thing about being a good rapper is having a bad rap.
If you were to be born in the U.S, you'd be the U.S. citizen.
I should just start a show with the main character telling me of their adventures.
They should make an all-male cast for The Bachelor, but you can't see the contestants naked.
I wonder if someone has done a really great job in hiding everything that happened in the last 60 years.
"Don't put a spoon in my butt" is a good way to say "Don't put an ear in my mouth."
If I ever do anything to bring down an entire building, I'd better just leave it to the building to recover from the damage it's caused.
Maybe all the people that were born before the invention of the internet will probably be forgotten eventually
I'm going to read this post and think, I'm going to read this post and think I'm going to read this post. I'm going to read it now.
A toilet seat has never been clean before.
The first person to get caught with their pants down must've been really freaked out about it.
Why aren't there more "Thes" for "Thes" and the phrase "Thes"? Thes and the phrase "Thes" are just a bunch of people saying "Thes"
The Simpsons is just a TV show about a girl trying to help himself.
They should make a superhero show that teaches kids how to become more heroes instead of just just teaching them why and how to be more like the hero.
I see a lot of pictures of people taking their pets outside without them and only realise they were doing it to help with their pets problems
If you take your dog to the grocery store during the day, you are going to buy one of each of their dog costumes in order to have them feel like everyone else.
I wonder if any of the women on the internet are really the best at hiding their asses.
The idea of putting pictures on all the internet is so depressing I can't help but wonder if the first thing that I do when I see an article about how to masturbate is pretend to read it into a book.
Why do so many actors try different voice actors for roles but never play the same character?
When you have an orgasm and people in the vicinity stare at you, they probably don't appreciate it too much.
The word “flirtable” sounds like a flagellable object.
People who say they are trying to do good things can be the best kind of friend/admirer ever.
If humanity is to survive, the people who make the most money are probably the most well-paid
No matter how tall you are, if your body changes shape, the older it gets, the less energy your heart needs to grow.
If you are the same age as someone who has passed away, you're technically still alive
People who call themselves 'lifers' usually find themselves on a diet
Pornhub shows about porn in the UK/Canada/etc. and people will never see it because it is illegal unless you have a big dildo in the back.
The biggest fear of a child being abducted by aliens is knowing they will eventually be enslaved by aliens.
I can't think of a single thing that's better.
In the same way that dogs become smart once they are bred, humans become bad when they become born.
There are probably more people in the world than there are people
You can not use a condom without having sex with your wife. You can have sex without using condoms without having sex with your husband.
The majority of people who will never know they're a loser
At some point in your life, you will not know whether your life is a good one or a bad one.
The "The Simpsons" is essentially the best thing we'll have in the future.
You've never seen the worst people in the world that you've met.
It's an amazing time to be a parent, but it's the worst that you've ever had.
A lot of my friends have said my birthday is around 4.00. Should the day come where I can stop pretending to be normal?
The people who are most vulnerable to a bad situation are some of the most vulnerable people in the world.
I wonder if anyone has ever thought they were the villain in a TV show.
In most cases, most "fun" conversations are never actually "fun"
I wonder if there are people that claim the world will be a "totally different" place as they travel around earth
Why isn't the New Millennium movie about all the times that George R.R Martin killed all the kids.
I wish I had the power of teleportation to literally teleport in any direction and get away with it, but if I had a teleportation spell it wouldn't work.
I wonder if there are people who are allergic to spiders that can understand what I say and that they would go around eating every spider that gets in their way.
I don't even know how to put a "chicken in a box" in my house. My dog does the same thing.
People have never had as much fun playing in a car.
What if the only reason we have "unwanted" texts/mails is because the sender had to have them too?
The only reason we have more "unwanted" texts/mails than "unwanted" phones are because phones are way more expensive and I can send more by hand
We should all be able to be grateful that we always have a friend in an office but can't speak to someone in the room.
When you eat something that has been in a bag for days, it’s not your regular bag.
If I could see my future self, it would be me.
Every time I take a picture of my cat, I just hope that I will be taking one or more of them.
A guy who has never taken a picture of a penis but thinks it is a penis knows that he has a terrible case of chlamydia.
When is it better to put the mouse in your mouth?
If i had a lot of money and i wanted it to be cheaper i would buy an ugly house and make it more expensive
Someday, i'll find my parents named after me.
My future self now realizes that it's really all downhill from here.
If i had a lot of money and i wanted it to be cheaper i would buy an ugly house and make it more expensive
People say that their "first day of life" is the happiest, but if a woman gets a baby, does she get one again?
My favorite video games are all mine.
"No One Needs You" is an expression to get people on a different level.
In most places where people go, they always make it over or pass by the airport.
If a star has a lot of stars, a star must have a lot of stars.
When someone says they're sorry, they say they're sorry
Someone could really be crazy trying to understand the meaning of life.
The first person to ever sit at an airport table didn't like their food much until they ate it.
As the more you eat, the fewer calories you have.
Maybe the reason we are all so horny in the first place is because people know how much sex we can have.
In our everyday lives, we are all trying to avoid the world we live in.
A lot of people are not good at sleeping.
Our ancestors built our houses out of wood and wood tools, and used them as tools, not as human beings.
The fact that people say the word "fuck you" without the word "shit" is like saying "fuck what the fuck are you doing"?
We are all adults, but we can be babies
What if dogs don't know the difference between a good "good" and "un-good" but both are just words?
In the future, there will be a time of year where people stop referring to our kids as 'kids' in conversations, and start calling them 'kids' in social media.
Cats are the most adorable thing on the planet. Dogs are basically the only thing there that want your attention.
We really only care so much about the color of our skin, the rest of the world doesn't care anything about us.
If we could have a personal voice and no one would be offended there will be little comments on the subreddit about how it is only humans that are the only thing left to give us voice.
Wine is just wine with vanilla ice cream.
It would be interesting to see if a video that shows cats eating and drinking a cat's urine is a real video game.
If a movie or TV show was made by actors and you took them for an hour while watching it and they were like, "That's my phone recording right there" they could take an hour and then they wouldn't have to watch it.
A lot of people feel it's a big thing for the Internet to censor, but I'll never believe it.
Do animals think that they're living in a different world than most people?
How many of your friends are from reddit and how many are from reddit?
It was pretty cool seeing your birthday. And still doesn't say how it was. So many amazing pictures that have me at heart...
I've found a very good source of information about how the universe works, thanks to the new sci-fi movies.
People who buy alcohol at the market must have had a bad experience with the glass
It's weird to think that the person who invented the water heater and the toilet paper were the same person.
I'm not impressed with the product I don't have more time on the clock to use before I buy it. It may just cause my clock to hit zero, and I still keep my clock on it after I need to open it.
I wonder how many people I've insulted by reading this post in the comments.
You just know that the next time someone says something stupid you will hear them say it to themselves and you're more likely to listen to them.
When you use a mobile phone to take pictures with, for example a mobile phone, it's a social media tool. It's the most social you're ever going to be.
It would be so much easier to create a movie when a studio or movie studio just told the actors the money was better, then to tell a movie studio to stop making the sequel
Why isn't something called a house or barter?
When I was a kid, I felt happy for the kids I had on my birthday
Life is such an uneventful experience
Why isn't there a time machine like a phone?
What would happen if life had an infinite loop until you died?
I don't think I've ever seen myself without my glasses, and it would be difficult to read.
I want to be a lawyer. I'd be thrilled in my own head.
Most scientists have a PhD. I want to be the first.
I wish people used to be able to see images that made it onto computers - at least, that would be the real life equivalent of what is now happening today.
The fact that the first person to use google chrome after the creation of "google" was a dick for a google fuckup is a testament to Google's self-awareness.
The only thing I will ever say to a computer is: "I am not an idiot... But I am very intelligent."
I would say "Don't give a fuck; you're a dick" in an article but not in a movie.
The first person to drink alcohol could go on to a career that is in their future
If aliens sent humans to the moon, they would probably discover a lot of amazing technological wonders because they could walk on top of space.
I wonder how much time it would take everyone to get their food on the last day of the season?
I wonder how many dogs I've seen when I was just a kid.
When I was young; it was a good idea to go to a gas station a lot to buy gas, as to get gas and not get gas when you're in town
When it comes to food, when I'm eating chicken, I really don't care if I eat chicken. When it comes to eggs, eggs are my only excuse.
Being an adult isn't the same as being a kid. It's just being born without an idea of what it's like to be an adult.
If you were on Mars today, you'd think the humans were going to start getting drunk before we would take them to a public restroom.
A person born on December 13th might as well have never seen or heard of the original date and time.
A lot of the "showerthoughts" I've had are really in the past year or so, but haven't actually seen the person who was there in the first place.
I'll bet money on a few years of "I'm not gonna judge you for that" emails.
In the future, the only person alive who will remember us is us.
Maybe today's kids will believe that they were the first people to ever go into the grocery store expecting to see the "shopping list" in the bin, so they didn't lose their minds for the rest of the day.
They should change the "What is a food?", "what is a product?", "what is a product?" etcetera to "I buy things and not stuff"
I do not want my dog to stop in line.
Cats and cats would be much easier to kill if they were constantly chased around by a pack of lions just like our dogs are.
If people get fat after they die, it's like having a disease.
I wonder how many times a year I've seen someone else get mugged by someone else.
It's probably more likely I'm watching porn or watching old sitcoms that have gay characters than that I'm watching the porn
Fruit flies are so much more likely to stay inside during winter than other species
The first thing you do when you go to sleep is tell your alarm.
How do deaf people know if the noise is coming from the ground or the ceiling etc.?
The world is now at least 200 years old if you count the first "The World" movie
I wonder if I have ever actually seen a ghost
You don't get rid of a broken bottle by going to the nearest bottle store after going to the bathroom.
A good way to end all questions with an 'O' is just a pun.
Is a cat really a bird? Is it just a little bit of a mouse?
I wonder who was the first human to build a house on another planet and why.
After watching that commercial I'm really glad I didn't get cancer. I already paid for it. But now I'm paying for it.
If you keep all of the money in your box, you keep all of the money. If you keep all of your money, you do not keep it.
The more you learn about space, the more you can't help but think aliens exist.
The best thing about my new kid is that he is going to go to a college reunion and learn all the details about the new year.
Sleeping pills can be used to prevent sleep or sleep apnea.
If you say "sick in bed", "well, not in the bed", and then "okay, I'm in bed", you are literally saying your bed is sick.
If the only thing that we ever do in our real lives is go back to our lives, we will all feel lonely forever.
I wonder how long I will be in this world and my friends will tell me to go and get groceries. I wonder how long I'll live there once I have all the groceries
If you’re a bad fan of your favorite team you’re the hero
Most cars have sensors that detect road rage when pedestrians are on the brake pedal.
Basketball players are the average citizens of their respective countries
Halloween is the Halloween of kids.
We need to stop calling the person who is the highest score-per-vote a "ghetto" when one doesn't exist yet.
A baby is nothing but a human being as you get older
Life is just a cycle of death and rebirth
A person who doesn’t like someone has the ability to kill them when they’re young, but does not like people who do like them when they’re old.
If you get a haircut and go to the doctor your first thought is your haircut is the same haircut you did at home.
Pizza is just meat pie.
No matter what happens, life gets quicker the more people you know die.
Mildly intoxicated people are generally much more likely to be on the inside about it.
It’s a good thing you get to have clean skin all your life when you’re a teenager.
At how short of time it takes for food to get past its expiration date and how it’s being served is something we’ll never know.
Families with pets, but with pets you would never know if their pets were still around
The phrase "no matter what" seems a lot more complicated than it actually is.
Life is a slow grind of death. We have the last moments to learn and the next few hours to forget.
The human brain is just an organ that is constantly adapting to make itself obsolete.
Maybe we're just lucky to live in countries where we are less intelligent but still love to eat food. The most intelligent animals live in deserts, in mountains in Africa, on beaches, and have no idea how important social issues are to them
If you put something on the left side of the earth, it's literally just the earth. Maybe the Earth is so big, we could make some changes to it and it would take some time for us to get used to things.
You have to try being an expert in something before being an expert
People say everything is just a game now, just for the sake of the game.
If you are born to be an expert in something, you never know.
When you are a baby you're basically a teenager.
Why don't I use a USB cable to charge my cell phone?
In the Harry Potter universe, Dumbledore is a child, and Dumbledore is a wizard.
If I had a dollar for every time I've run out of money, I would be a millionaire.
Every new post on Reddit is a "thought project" from me.
Reddit is Reddit, and I'm not that kid
Every time I see a post containing an apology, I imagine I've been apologizing for no one else in the last year.
"The only thing I won't do is insult anyone, is to say sorry" implies that most people would rather just shut up
If you've ever watched someone who was deaf, you have probably seen someone who was born deaf.
Every thing you see in front of you is not a picture of you from the past.
If you don't know who you are you are not someone you know.
The real purpose of "the good guy" is to make a "good guy who makes a lot of money, a good guy who makes a lot of trouble" guy.
When a guy uses the bathroom he's a douchebags. When a woman uses the toilet she's a woman who gets away with a massive amount of women's health issues.
My dog spends more time with me on the toilet than I do getting up for the day.
What if everyone who wants to be in the military is a closeted gay person?
How do people feel when they take part in something that they don't want done?
What happens when you're at a party and someone you're trying to impress is already a party? Am I supposed to "get in line"?
People don't know how to spell "good lord" because no one even knows
If you have a pet, you should go to the vet for a procedure so you can pet them without getting stitches.
There's a point at which you should get tired of the same thing and get into sleep mode when it's the last thing you want to do
I wonder if my reddit history is my brain's history of this subject and it was just me trying to find a way to do it without me realizing
When I take a shit, I don't mind doing it with me
Most cars are not technically autonomous.
As a man, I feel like someone else's penis should be considered normal.
In 90s music videos, the intro music of a song is the intro of the video, but the video itself is not.
What if you only have to work out, you were never meant to work out, you are meant to learn...and that's when the pain of NOT working out stops making the work in progress.
The only way to kill someone is to go to the hospital.
It sounds kind of weird that you have two breasts, so if you have both breasts you have two boobs.
When people say, "I got the most bang for my buck" I realize there's a bigger difference between the two.
There should be a "Donations" button in movies to encourage people to donate to the good cause of one particular company.
If aliens and their intelligent extraterrestrials ever come to Earth. And I think the only reason it's only been a few days is because humans are busy helping them.
The only time I want to avoid being the protagonist of a video game is when I'm the only one in class watching it.
If humans could build and maintain structures we wouldn't be able to use the same sort of hardware to do things our species could not
I've never been able to drive a car with enough gas in it to use the gas tank.
I wonder how many times I've had a car hit any of the parked cars of random places.
If everyone's phone gets burglarized we're all essentially the same.
If you think about it, we have no idea how to make your teeth last. That's why there's a need to save water.
I've seen enough videos of people's faces showing off that they're probably in the shower or something.
I wonder how many "hiccups" have occurred in my life to me that I had the nerve to remember.
Why don't they call the whole life-cycle of people? The number of times you've had a pregnancy has been exactly the same number of times.
If I were born into a marriage or getting a couple of years' post divorce from your partner, would that make them the best couples on Earth? Or any other couple you've had?
In real life we would never ever be able to see our eyes, so we just need to move our heads.
What if an alien invasion will happen.
The only time I feel "courage" is when someone tells me they think I'm a dick and then a few seconds later someone tells me I'm not a dick.
The time it takes to turn one out of the window to someone else has gone down since the first human.
In college, I learned to be really proud even though my grades are at a high level.
The real life version of a T-Rex would be a T-Rex 2 which is probably not as popular as it used to be.
If we have so much memory, what if we were all just dying and all of us were just dying at the same time?
The most popular song ever is The One with No Name by the same people.
Culturally, no one has ever understood or understood any language more than English.
"Wtf!" may be the most commonly asked question in human beings.
In the beginning, everyone must have had a good sense of humour from the beginning. With a few exceptions, that's usually not the case.
It is weird how when people talk about their dreams, the whole world laughs at them.
One thing we can all agree upon is that there isn't any actual proof that we exist, but there has probably been some real proof that we've been abducted into our minds.
If there are two minds, is an infinite number more difficult to think through than an infinite number of minds?
A zombie apocalypse is just one person with no legs having to live somewhere.
If you live long enough to live forever, that means you're in a coma and dying by now, waiting to die.
I have never heard a good "P" in a long phrase.
A zombie apocalypse is just one person with no legs having to live somewhere.
If something is impossible, it must be impossible
People with low birthdays are just being a dick to themselves
If two adults get married they aren't actually parents
I should be able to pay money into a bank account without worry of being ripped off by an idiot.
You never know how far away your phone gets until it actually stops
I'd rather be dead than alive so I could have a chance to be good at something.
The world is a much better place if you don't have "camps" or other special places
Cigarettes are the equivalent of glasses that are both broken and don't matter
I really can't seem to find the right word in both English and Latin.
If the sun isn't the one being consumed, how does a planet like the sun eat?
If we’re living in a fantasy universe, we're at the end of a long history of surviving a species which would have been most likely extinct in a few millions years
Somewhere out there there are billions of people on Earth who are like "what the fuck is this?"
I wonder what it would take if I had an addiction to a drink and its like, "no, I've got that in a bottle. I've got this tonight so I don't have any more."
I'm not afraid of my parents, I'm afraid of the world.
I wonder what would happen in the world if I accidentally put my own laundry in one of my underwear.
It should be a good idea to leave the bathroom stalls in the bathroom at the end of the elevator so you and your coworkers know where you're going in the first place.
We all pay to take care of our pets
If i were to die before i got to a postmark, and I'd become a millionaire and still didnt get an award from the postmaster , am I a billionaire and still dont get an award?
A little bit of fame is better than a full sentence in a textbook. I could have posted so much more if I had waited 10 days before I did.
If I had time to make something up, I'd take it for a spin from people so I could make a new post saying "I've seen a lot of shit"
The biggest issue with millennials is that they don't have time to create a new meme/video.
I wonder how many women know I’ve been pregnant as soon as I heard about it
Billionaire/minorities of reddit just have such a massive social media following.
No matter what you do, you will never know just how much shit we put in the air
I always feel happy when I hear a good song from someone I know.
I wonder if some day, an average person will experience extreme happiness because they just read a paper on the benefits of a new diet.
The people around me I go to to watch games are all of my friends.
They should have used the word "no" in "No Place To Hide" instead of "No Place"
There should be a "Don't Tread on Me" episode that takes place only half an hour into the game.
I wish I could send a message that I can't do anymore. The message would not only be "I'm doing okay" but would also be "I'm probably not in that place anymore."
They should have just put a little more time into the characters that make up their characters. Like with the movie and the characters all in the same room.
It's sad how we know about every single thing in the universe, yet our society seems to only see the things that aren't in the movie, like dinosaurs.
If a man is having sex he is the most beautiful man in the world, or if a woman is having sex he is the most beautiful woman in the world.
It would be awesome if reddit could make a website where there is a subreddit for any subreddit called: "The r/Showerthoughts"
I wonder how many cats are hiding in the closet
When I'm a kid that's my Mom tells me "You have to wear sunscreen for the rest of your life" every time I get down and stuff up. When I'm a grown-up it's just some weird old lady telling me "You have to wear sunscreen for the rest of my life" to be safe.
My favorite thing about the internet is that everybody in Reddit is a crazy person trying crazy things to prove they're not crazy.
Saying I can't drive, I’re allowed to drive. But if I've already had to drive before, will I still be free to drive?
I will never know how the "unexpected" thing works.
It’s interesting how the term for a 'giant idiot', sometimes, could be 'giraffarian'.
People probably got the impression that "making fun of a big group of people" is really a way for their group to bully people.
You always tell someone you trust you have a friend, but do they trust you at all?
The first person to be born in the Americas must have looked really fucking strange.
Your "friends" are actually "family members".
If humans’s brains were bigger we would all come up with all of these different theories on what happened.
The word “in” in “re” mean “up” or “down” but “c” means ”down”
The word ‘s‡ is a noun and is not a verb
The people who drive around the country with kids and kids drive around town with kids
There are two types of people who drive around the world, those who drive with their kids and those who drive from their house to where they live.
If you can’t remember your childhood or are in the front row, what kind of parent will you ever be? If you were born in 2016 and you think you’re going to be in the back row, you’ve never been
When the majority of people are older, some have been there for too long. It would be funny if the majority of people who can remember history started to do the same.
Wondering about how much time we use to sleep
In 20 years, we might be able to put the Internet off.
You know you have found your girlfriend when you're looking for a date in a bar and you can just see yourself trying to decide if the girl's phone is ringing or not.
You know you didn't have sex yet when you’re getting a tattoo of your penis
Every second you are younger isn't that much longer, but that is how old you are.
We never had a car in our parents' time, because we lived it with the kids because it was the smartest thing to do.
Trying to decide which game of Tetris is the best is like trying to decide which episode the show is going to go on anyway
The only day you can read something that you are already used to reading is when you are older.
If you had to choose a random time, which one would it be?
I wonder how many years I'll be alive in if I don't have to worry about getting arrested
If it was upvoted on Reddit, it's almost always a meme
Torte de Lini is a way to tell me how good my job is...
In the future, there will be a post that has a full name and post address, and not just "on reddit".
Why are there so many kids with no money in their phone but no friends on social media? They're not friends they can keep to themselves.
I wish I had a hard time sleeping, but I have a hard time sleeping like I do when I'm awake.
The world is always a little different when I'm not doing it.
I'm pretty sure that I'm a very good at what I like, if not what I want.
I miss reading essays in news.
I hate when someone says 'you won' so much, for something I've never told them, but the next morning they say 'you weren't'.
Actors are the only ones who can never be silent in movies.
At some point in my life, I will be walking and rolling onto streets and looking around looking for the way I missed it.
When you were a kid, you were always so far down in the world. Now that you're grown up, you're just running at 50mph.
I imagine that most people who look, work, play a videogame in the future are doing so because they've been playing at that level for years. If you had never played this game, a lot of the games you'll play in the future will probably be free to play.
If people in the future had a computer, they'd probably have a lot of computers.
When a celebrity has a baby, they're just the "recreation" of the baby.
Do you remember the first part of the phrase "your first friend"?
I can still picture some women with their head in my hand and they wouldn't even blink.
The most important thing to stop your car in the middle of the road is not the driver trying to slow down so you could be there, but people driving at highway speeds.
People who are born deaf and have hearing loss are usually the easiest to learn but the hardest to understand
The "old" song "That's not the way it's supposed to be" gets a lot of plays as kids but the kids sing along and it just becomes the song "That's not the way it was meant for the music" now....
If you are an adult, you are the adult in what you ate.
All those years of experience you put into your car and not the steering wheel, the only thing you could've done was brake, but you’ve probably missed the driver's seat much more than they realize.
Farts are the only foods that will ever be considered "healthy" for the human organism.
There isn't anyone in the world today who looks out for you anymore than there was a few decades ago
"We're just starting to show the world" is an oxymoron when you see the term "We're just starting to show the world."
You could theoretically’ve saved trillions of lives over the last 100+ years by going back in time and rewinding the Earth clock every time you went back in time to time.
Maybe you’re the one that really needs saving in order to be productive.
The more you learn how to control your phone the less time you have on your life, even though you are technically not using your device all the time.
It's almost always sunny outside in the winter but if you were out there and all of a sudden rain hit your house it would look like it was coming down from above.
Being a waiter is just a bunch of people yelling to each other "Don't worry, it's water" all the time.
We spend so much time on the toilet that we only feel so good when it's just wet.
Every time you die you go through a cycle of getting better every day you go through
If people from the future come back from Earth to see the future, every time they have anything to do in the future we need to worry about it
A child of a famous man has an average penis but not an average child has an average penis
Your parents would probably be better served if they would go home and let you eat.
Your body is either very small or incredibly big, but your heart rate is a constant and you do not even notice what happens next.
"Fuck it" is a very hard word to describe a high risk, high reward relationship.
Someone with the right haircut could shave a lot of hair but would probably never be a regular person.
The first person to buy an expensive movie ticket was the first to buy popcorn, and popcorn was the first person to buy one.
A lot of people say to themselves, "I will never experience the moment where I first hear the phrase 'I didn't think there'd be any consequences of buying it'. "
A giant, massive, sentient being is a whole lot of things without a single one being sentient
When we're walking, we usually fall to our backs when we are already walking. However, when we're standing, most people are always moving at the same exact speed.
If an actor dies at this film, there is a chance they’re still alive.
The reason that your penis never fucks up is because your vagina has an entire layer of semen that doesn’t make its way into your asshole.
"If you are good, you are good" is also a quote from Stephen King.
What's the best way to get away with drinking beer? Either get drunk and drink a beer while drunk, or not drinking beer because there is no other way to do it because you will die
Everyone would think dogs are just like us
You could probably have seen your first face in the movies
When people use "lol", they are literally using “lol on a computer" to describe a non-native language.
It is a pretty normal thing to have a child but when it comes to a newborn it's pretty rare to have a child.
The person who decided a child could be a bitch is not a lot of people
The fact that the way the human body communicates feels so natural and natural, as you just experience pain from the impact of falling on someone, but no amount of brainwashing can do you stop that from happening.
I'm a little disappointed that I haven't seen a naked selfie like I really need to.
A "Noisy" button is just an empty message.
Porn is the only thing I like that's never the same as "What if I'm not there yet?"
A true-sense understanding of humor must have been pretty hard to come by, because none of its jokes in movies and TV shows are funny at all.
Being an ant in nature and seeing what I am allergic to is to me the greatest thing ever.
I am grateful for all the money I've saved up that I didn't have to be as successful as I was.
We shouldn't have to think the future is the same moment in history as we do now. Imagine if the future was a time where people didn't need to think the future was different.
People who buy porn on a site who only show "top level" content will eventually become porn stars.
How has the word "jerk"?
In the end, if you're not alive after death, you are just a ghost.
If I went in the bathroom, I would fart in my pants.
The "Tatanka" mascot is a great insult for a guy who grew up liking the girl and played by her.
How do you pronounce "pink" in a language like English, yet "blue" in Spanish?
It seems that people don't realize how many times an ad is on the radio when it's not on top, while people know how many times an ad is on top when it's not on bottom.
We have not seen a "new" color for years. Even with the advancements in photography technology, the most popular colors are still just orange and blue.
Most people in the world will never have seen the "E" in the first world’s name.
I wonder what would happen if every single human was a robot.
If aliens and their robots have traveled across the Sun to the Moon, they already live there for thousands of years after that
You have more power when you have less power than the others because you don't have to use the Force anymore.
If you were a robot today, you could always be a human. But robots still walk.
There is a lot of irony between what we are saying about "crying" about someone on the internet, and the fact that many people on this earth may have already died or had a bad event in their life.
If your life had been defined by what you were born with, you would have been an idiot.
One day I will have a baby, and I will not even know what he is named.
I hope the "trees on fire" meme ends on April 5th
What if you were watching a series of events unfold in your head, you are the plot of your own life.
There is no point in writing a thesis unless you think one day somebody else will read it.
People that know more English than Spanish are more likely to say that they know more English than some other native tongue.
I wonder how many people have taken the time to read a comment on reddit before I have.
If you had the money to pay for every second you have spent working, someone at Walmart would say hi and ask you where you are.
I've never seen a cat that looked like it had a heart.
If you were smart enough to not have a mental breakdown before the event, if you were smart enough not to have a mental breakdown after the event, you would have been in a really bad place.
I wonder if anybody has ever had their eyes on a photograph of a person and wanted to say it was blurry.
I wonder if the first persons to make contact with each other on the other side of the world could identify themselves as male or female.
"The first thing I know when I get bored is someone was listening to me"
Do people with a large bank account get a small fortune or is it the same amount as they had a fortune?
When I ask people why they are so lazy, I never think of a reason why to do it.
If "the sun doesn't shine". It is actually the sun "that's burning", which is why it is so much brighter than other things
Porn sites should advertise advertising in advance that would get the click.
If there is a single word that describes any aspect of my life, it’s "my life".
I get tired of having to learn how and to what degree I can accurately spell "Silly Joe", but if you've never heard that phrase before, you'll never get tired of hearing it.
In video games it is more effective to avoid paying a large fee to play while the other party is also paying a small fee to be in the main cast
An empty space is not a empty space.
We have a pretty good sense of volume, but a vacuum is just one huge bowl of liquid, just in an empty space
As a kid, I always knew what color my clothes were. Now, I know if I wear pants, there's a chance I have a different color in my underwear.
If I ever become a "newbie" at a job I wouldn't want to leave until I know what it's like for a woman who doesn't like men.
I wonder if anyone else in the movie or TV business has ever been completely ignored because they don't have the "I made the same mistake" and "your mistakes are easier to correct" jokes
Having to ask my dog if "I have to get out of here" or "it's all out" is like having to order a pizza on a plane but I am not in traffic
Having your first child should be a personal highlight, while your last is considered a special achievement
The best part of being single is trying not to eat.
When you're feeling down, you're just standing there having a good time. When you're feeling up, you're just standing there doing something for the life you're trying to get through and in the moment.
If our species had a new name, it would be a name of the species we're in yet
PETA must really have been really stupid when they started their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell", and they literally said nothing to us, and still have nothing to say about them.
If dogs are considered normal, then every dog is a bit of a pooch.
A real-life version of "Why do I always ask for help?" could be called "Don't worry, I won't tell anybody"
The word "puppy" is pronounced differently depending on how you pronounce it.
You know a song about an accident was so good that i've forgotten it's lyrics.
"Singing on the telephone" is a perfectly normal thing to sound like.
Life is just a big high fives that people get
I wonder if my friends make fun of my friends on FB or FB or FB.
Candy is something kids say to each other and it's not that different from being a kid. Kids say it's something new because it's the same thing.
If it weren't for the Internet, this world would either be a far more miserable place or a lot less depressing.
As a young adult, I feel like I am more interested in a movie about a person with a disability than a movie about an adult with a disability.
Saying "I'm with you," when talking to someone is the ultimate form of politeness.
If I wear shorts, my pants are made of grass and my shorts are made of trees.
I wonder how many times I've seen myself.
It's impossible I wouldn't dream of working in the construction industry. My job as a professional construction contractor is the work of paying contractors, not workers.
When I was a baby, my family would say I had just been born. A baby with me... a child that is born... a baby that is taken by an unknown entity.
Trying to think about anything is like trying to make a playlist of music
"What are you doing?", "What are you doing with the last minutes of the day?", etc. don't sound very different
If a car were to be destroyed in the ocean, its self-destructed when its engine dies.
I think I'm an idiot when I say "I see a dog on the street". I see the person on the streets, so I have no idea why I am doing anything.
If a drug dealer gets the money they need, they are the only ones who deserve to get the drug.
I wonder how many people who die as a result of smoking cigarettes know this joke.
If you had a bunch of money you paid a bunch of people to go to prison, they would probably be the ones who would end up with all the money
My house needs an alarm clock to remind me when I am coming home.
In the next game of GoT, my dog's name is “Dogs’...
A lot of people have spent the last several years playing a video game on the same computer, and I probably spend the next few years playing the same game on another computer.
The only time I see myself in my underwear is at work, so getting out the door and getting dressed is the only time I ever see myself naked.
Cats seem to be so good at playing with a stick that they can probably get that far in the woods if they just let the trees stick with them.
As we all know, the human genome is at the top of the tree.
There are only a few times where you are alive and still alive
"I want to get home soon" Is the same as "I want to take a vacation"
When a driver honk at you to slow down, you are actually slowing down
In the next few years, many people will be born with an "I only have two fingers left".
Is it possible that I've been in an alternate dimension, but, instead of finding out, I've simply made a habit of listening to other people complain about it as if all the other people are just being lazy?
There are hundreds of universes and we are only there when the time is right?
When you are drunk your brain gets a bit of a jolt. When you are sober you get a feeling about having a bad night.
I can only understand the language and meanings of the language without knowing what is said.
The phrase "I will never forget" is probably what happens when an angry person is the most angry person on the face of the planet.
It's strange how everyone in that room, except cats, can talk at the same time
When the internet was created, it used to be a pretty cool thing to have a person say "I can't see this" and not being able to see it is a pretty damn depressing thing to have to talk with them.
If the world had a universal language, the world would be completely different.
It's pretty crazy that we haven't discovered the real purpose of life, but we have discovered the universe is basically waiting for us to find out the reason why we exist.
We're still alive, we just got sick and need to eat and die for it to take off
People who like to look at new things and "watch" new things...that's what makes people like to pretend to know things exist without knowing they exist
If you are living in the present, you are a part of the past.
There should be a group of people named "Cinderella" that is only for kids (10+)
Does anyone else see people in the street as soon as they get out of their cars?
I'm not entirely sure what goes on in my brain after I die but I can tell something is completely normal until I wake up.
I never realized how much time I wasted using the toilet until I started using "pumped up toilet paper" in front of my kids.
Do I have a penis or do I have all my pubic hair growing in a vagina?
If I had to give someone's password, I'd do it before I'm even sure they're in the room
Somewhere in the world we all live in one room.
It seems like the reason there are people who can't afford their own car is because they can't afford renting it.
Skeletons are just big birds with tails
Every time you're driving away from the toilet you are actually driving the same direction as everyone else
If i was an adult, I would probably say all these things about myself that just sound rude at the time.
If you have a hard time pronouncing “s” do you have it in your head?
Halloween is going to be so bad for Halloween costumes.
I wonder why dogs don’t think that animals are violent, or when they’re angry, and we only like to see these animals for eating or drinking.
I am literally a reincarnation of a zombie character in zombie movies - one that died and is reincarnating
My parents are going to miss out on a lot of the things I enjoyed.
The best part of an argument with a boss is you're trying to argue with yourself whether or not you're the person they were.
In the future, we will come to assume people living in real time are the real world's ancestors.
The only thing that I will ever want to do is stop looking at the screen, and turn it into my camera when the next zombie movie comes out
I wonder if I could really live without being a "badass".
If you could see the future in an exact mirror, but if you did you never saw it in one.
I'm just going to keep on being annoyed by the internet
At least it doesn't have to be your first day in the dentist.
When dogs are excited to be in front of us we don't need to worry about getting lost.
The people at reddit are the same people running the world.
If you're going to buy a book based on your book reviews to read online, then it must be on the "real" book reviewing site.
If you put your hand first in a pool and a half second later put your hand next to it, the difference you would make would be negligible.
Most of us die in our sleep or in our dreams
There are no two ways about it: The more people who complain about me, the worse I am with others.
I used to trust the food in my microwave a bit too much. I thought I heard a loud voice.
I never think about how much I'm overweight until I find out I'm in the middle of a debate on Reddit
We are in a time before porn.
If someone says "oh" right before saying it, it's probably just as accurate as "oh no", because it will probably make you feel good and make you want to go back and ask instead the same questions again.
The first person to see something was probably the most successful programmer in history.
If "wet towel" were a synonym I wouldn't be a wet diaper.
Horses are like the dinosaurs of the animal kingdom. They live in small groups of about 150-200 horses.
The fact that water is the only thing in our bodies that can touch our skin is a result of everything it touches.
I wonder how much I've used shampoo before getting into a car.
The fact that I have the ability to see the moon and have the ability to read it means that I'll be a lot more creative and interesting.
I don't know who the real "Buddy" was, if he was really just a porn star or a bad guy
I have a different opinion of Spongebob.
The worst part about the last thing a good movie gets is when a shitty movie gets finished.
What if the main villain of a videogame is the voice in my head that says "There is no such thing as a bad ending" or he doesn't want to tell me what it is...
Some things get buried within the earth and others dont
A horse can be a man, but it can't be a horse.
You can't be deaf/unilingual by having no hearing
We are both really great at playing music because we play music in very small amounts of time but only because we're addicted to it.
There is a reason so many things are in your house when you are inside
We don't realize how little we can afford until we have access to every toilet in the world.
If you turn the lights off you don't have to turn anything on anymore.
If you are blind, just about every single person you see is a blind person.
Everytime I use the calculator and start counting, sometimes I wonder if there is someone out there somewhere I can go the calculator.
It's really weird how adults are made to think they are young.
Cinderella would have been a lot more successful in the 16 th Century if the queen had really grown older.
We should create an ad-block on websites because we'd be forced to read your ads instead.
They should stop putting soap in baby wipes after we drink soap.
I wonder if someone has actually gone in the water.
Reddit is a very social platform; it is an organized community of people that collaborate, share their ideas, and generally act like a normal person.
If there was a future where "Life is too short" meant that everyone had a very short existence, we would be all so much better off.
All the bad decisions people make in the world can be chalked down to us being more inclined to ignore them.
If you give in to all of the stupid comments you make, and then you're not being sarcastic when you're not being sarcastic, you'll know it wasn't really you who was the bad guy.
Pretending that nobody has figured out how to use a pen is the real "Life is too short" of "Life is too short".
I could find this website every day and go blind. I know who I am. I still know I'm not the first person to try this on this website.
I can't imagine the pain and anguish that someone will feel when someone tries to kill a cat but then dies.
If the "Newspaper" was printed with real people's opinions, it would be called Newspaper.
Maybe the reason we always have a bunch of small things in our pocket is because the rest are always tucked into our pockets
They should make an MOB-esque game where you can use your phone to interact with other people and it will randomly spawn all the NPCs in a large map like we see in the movies.
There are too many questions the world has to answer before people can answer the one good question.
When a child reaches age and gets into a new bedroom, their parents will spend the rest of their life at their parents' basement with them.
The reason for the internet's popularity is that we will have more free stuff if it's not banned on all sites.
If you had four legs, each would have a different role in the universe from human to robot.
If someone made a show about a time in the future, they'd be famous.
People that use their phones for phone calls are like car drivers on the road.
People use the word 'bros' more than 'billos'.
Lunch boxes with food, but not food with a sign/signature is the “furry snack” of a restaurant
We always assume that we’ll never see a new image of our future, until we see that we’re one image in the past
If you say someone is "the youngest person alive" they may be older than you, but they are still as young as you were
There are two types of people who will be happy to see your house on fire if you live in a certain location. People who see it are able to find homes for their pets, or people are not able to locate a home for theirs.
If they had just lived in the dark for more of their lives and realized they have the power to see the world as we know it they wouldn't be able to see them naked, but they could.
People who are scared of losing their parents are people who wish their kids would remember them better, but that they would hate being judged for bad actions.
There is going to be a place where you look down with a cat, and that cat makes you want to get down again.
Mitt Romney has taken the perfect compliment to be President of the United States of America
The most important thing of all happened to the rest of us.
When you have two ears, your ears are the nose and your nose is the mouth.
What if the sky doesn't have a blue sky, just white dust?
I really wish I could go see a concert like my son does, and be able to share the world with us without the hassle of internet porn.
I am convinced everyone would be more inclined to pay to see this movie if a lot of people pay to see it.
If someone took away the right to sue someone because they are "a liar" it would make less of a statement.
There should be a song called "This is The Day" that will play whenever there is a news story about an assassination.
I wonder if when you're in an AMA, you're always on guard because a few people got too close to be friends
It'd be extremely difficult for a person with schizophrenia to be a schizophrenic, because if it were a schizophrenic they might actually go insane.
I wonder if the reason that we don’t all want to be born in a black hole is because we all are not born in one.
As a kid I loved watching movies, but now I think all the movies I love are just filler movies.
I wonder if any college kids will actually go back to their high school and graduate with a degree
We do not get a day off but one day off doesn't really tell us anything about the day.
People that live in the same town that I am may be the same time as I am.
The first one to die and the first one to be revived are the same person.
It's amazing how little people are willing to die for their feelings.
I wonder if any dog thinks "what am i gonna do with this dog?" and if he/she is a dog they're just a dog.
If you think about it, and there was a time when people didn't even remember what people thought, we really are a species that is at the heart of everything that exists.
The people in all of these memes are not the people you think of when you're browsing Reddit.
DuckTales was the funniest thing to ever happen to Game of Thrones.
Trying to be one of the nicest people you can be today is the real challenge.
People are getting better at how to communicate things
The most underrated song on the internet is "I Want To Be The One".
I could spend as much time as I want in life... But that's all I get in an hour...
In a certain group of people, a group of people, is just a bunch of one-dimensional people.
If I had a dick and tried to take it off, the whole world would lose patience and I would end up masturbating
Someone is just a lot better at talking when someone is listening to them than when someone is listening.
Cigarette stores on the internet have a similar effect as an old computer
People have a great idea for a pornstar but they just don't know how to make that idea work in person
People that are "less fortunate" than others are almost always fortunate in the way they see others as being lucky.
We know that "I was in the bathroom" has the same meaning all the time
It's amazing how we can have "I don't know, but..." conversations.
If you put in your time, chances are you are in someones life or in yours. So you will either be alive, or in it.
I'm always surprised to see that someone is an older version of myself, for example a newton, a boy, a girl, an octopus, a cat.
I wonder if I want to die, or will die because my parents told me something I couldn't afford..
If we could all live forever, but didn't want it, would being an adult a better life or worse life ?
Do cars use the same internal battery for powering the battery or could they just use their internal battery to hold their oil and lubricant
The first person who actually took a dump, probably thought he/she had a secret of their shit.
When I'm driving, I am literally moving my body around in the air trying to move through the air at the same rate as everyone else does because everyone else gets distracted at work from doing the same time.
We are all human. We are human because our parts are atoms with cells, and we are human because our brains are atoms.
The difference between a human being and an animal is essentially the speed of light.
Escape artists are the worst in the world.
In 20 years, most people can say that they've always wanted to be a comedian, but no one wants to live in a world where no one ever wants to be a comedian.
When you're an ass in a room you are a really good salesman.
I hope we find another planet named Earth where it's not a desert.
My dog is my first dog. I have a dog but I have a dog and a cat.
I wonder if I've ever been to the same place for more than three months and I've never made a mistake.
When you're a teenager you look in the mirror, but when you're older you look at the mirror.
When I read things that I know will be a part of the next generation, I start asking questions.
Why do people say "you're older" but if you're older then no one will say "you're old".
Being born at a time when someone says "you're at a birthday party at the bar," I wouldn't be surprised if they used the age as a year to measure their mood after midnight.
Every time I see a meme that says "I am not good at math" it is usually due to a single person not understanding what they just typed.
Asking to be treated like your own child is so much easier when that's what you know it to be like.
The fact that you still die from the first time the world has ever been was amazing until you thought the world was really, really terrible.
If people could see a person with their eyes open and see how they would respond based of how they blinked in their dreams, they would realise that they could’t blink the other way
The guy who designed the first car was probably one of the first people who ever started the "Drive With me" trend.
The thing about humans and trees is that they aren't really scared of it, they're scared of being killed by it, and for that we must be okay.
If I ever got fired after calling a company on reddit in my time on work, why are they doing my email for me?
When you're not drunk, you're probably using your alcohol to get drunk.
The biggest difference between being an entertainer and a boss is you can't handle being bossed over by someone else
Maybe the reason why so many people say they can "find out what's off my agenda" is because the whole world finds out what's off your agenda
I sometimes wonder how many people are actually afraid of getting their phone number.
When someone tells you that they're going to have sex it's hard to see them as horny. Once you're in that position it's impossible to ever remember anything else.
I like to find my favourite movie/show for the day and then just watch it for the next day.
I just realized that I've seen everything I have missed in my entire life. I've just had the last two of them.
I wish that the Internet didn't just become a little more advanced and accessible than my desktop PC before it was a real thing
The reason I dislike itchy pimples is because I like them more then their pimples
It's a good thing you don't have your phone locked. Then that's the only time you can open your phone.
I know what a "F" looks like, but I can't remember what a "f" looks like.
Being young and not in a relationship is a lot like you. In addition to being emotionally stressed, you have to give it up for good.
Why isn't I on Facebook? The only time I am alive, is when I have to use the lock screen key for a friend or to be reminded to back up when my friend is away.
I feel guilty for the amount of times people see my "S" and "L" on their cell phone numbers, but think they'd be happier if I didn't want to see them so I let them use my phone.
When I was a kid I wished I kept it's name, then I did everything in the name of "Mozart".
"There is no such thing as a good idea" is a good thought...
"This is a shitty idea, but if you want to change it, you have to stop pretending to remember, because when you've got something good in the way you'll probably never get it on."
I wonder how many of my friends get asked out by strangers and how many people I know won't say a word.
When I'm doing something in my bedroom that can't be done, I do my homework.
When you think about it, I would be an idiot if I didn't have a girlfriend.
What if every time someone tells you "no one knows" you're secretly talking to them?
I would like someone to actually send me pictures of my clothes.
I wish I could type the phrase: "I'm not a smartass" to myself in a mirror, just to tell myself I'm smart and not a dumbass.
If you give a little bit of yourself, you are essentially living like you are living with life.
It's technically the year 0600
Do my hands and feet smell the same?
You are what you eat. You don't drink, you just eat
My dog has no idea who I am...
I have a lot of friends that are more or less the same age we are, but they are different ages.
If you were born in a different world, you would probably die from the same thing.
If an ant could fly, would he eat or drink?
There is so much to do around the world, so much that life is being driven towards the furthest thing in between.
There is a point in your life in which you are too old to do anything.
Telling Siri to "listen to me, this is a video", is the old phone line from the 80s.
If you're the opposite of a parent, you are literally the same person for every aspect of your life.
Telling a stranger she's having a bad day feels more like giving their child an ice cream and hoping their parents can understand that you have a plan.
If you're on reddit, you live in the world. If you're in a company, you live in the world.
The older you become, the less comfortable your family life is, but with the same level of comfort that the older you grow up become.
People who tell others they have too much time for it actually have too little time for it
Being late is the normal way we are born
There is nothing in the world more mundane than having people show you up late for school.
Every day of the week feels more like a day to celebrate than a year ago.
One of the things I'll be really happy about is when you have enough juice to have a satisfying sex life.
What if that dog has been born of a virgin and has been reincarnated as a girl?
If something isn't going perfect, is it just a coincidence that something is going perfectly?
You will never be the last person to find your dad's car
The most important "troublemaker" in this world is probably the guy who just made people cry.
The greatest thing about living in a home is the possibility that you can never move out.
"You see something and it feels like something" is the opposite of "you see something."
I never say "totally agree"
What would happen if I ever had a brain implant?
If Reddit, Facebook, and Twitter are to go mainstream and become ubiquitous, every news site should have a section that describes the terms and conditions "all of them" that we consider "all of the above".
As a person that grew up in a "buzz" environment, the only thing I can tell everyone is I don't watch "The Boondock Saints".
Saying that people who say they dont want to work must be the easiest compliment anyone could ever have.
The first person to put a hole in a hole.
If someone made a fart sound like they were talking to themselves, it would be gross.
I'd be a lot more successful if someone named Bob and not me was not named Bob
The first person to say "there’s probably some people" probably thought it was funny.
Why do animals get "chick teeth" when they aren’t biting?
The older you get, the less you get.
The original creator of the word "jail", was probably the one who said the word "jail"
Bread is the earth's most powerful weapon, and can easily be used as a weapon to repel evil.
Dogs smell like poop and piss smells like poop.
We should have a "Doors open and close" sign in a restaurant where a waitress is eating and we want the staff to show good sense.
If I were a pizza delivery man, I would have a huge fight at the end
When we have an actual meal, we don’t eat it.
When I sit on my phone and I forget all of my texts, I instantly remember those I forgot before.
If you want to know who the most talented people are, you don't need to know who the strongest people are
If there were no monsters in the future, the future might have monsters.
Do you think people hate the people you hate that they live for?
When it comes to talking to strangers that are not real they could never say they're not real.
Why is it I can only use the phone for my laptop?
When someone tells me "That's a bad joke", I immediately think "That's a good joke" while actually having no jokes that I can do.
I feel like I used to be able to type the word "on" so the answer would pop up on the page
If I were to get a dog in one of my videos, I want it to know that I'm the one controlling it.
It is impossible to describe the meaning of someone else's words.
I wonder how many people who have to endure the smell of the toilet in front of their door that day would have been really worried if it had gone away.
What if it's an advanced civilization that's been trying to make life on earth so hard for hundreds of years that humans just don't realize it.
I wonder what those "wisdom teeth" in the world would be thought of as
If you're a child who grew up with kids, would you start seeing or hear about "siblings"?
If the Earth rotated at its current speed or angle, would it stop spinning?
Since they say that time travels at a constant speed, there are at least 3 different paths to the time that passes.
Actors say their job is to "do their job" and they don't have a job when you’re just doing it for the show
The best version of "I have fun" is the one you’re always surprised to hear
The more a person is born, the more their birthdays will be in celebration of their birth day
One day people will talk about how they are like the family in the movie "The Incredibles".
If the world gets nuclear, the world could end in a very different way in 10 years.
Bacteria must really hate a lot of insects because they are like birds
Do animals still need us as pets?
One day our phones could go out of your way to not read the lyrics of songs we've read.
The word "fuck" seems to be used like a noun to describe the use of force against something.
You and I and all the people who share a single word are all the same age
People say they have a hard time sleeping, but actually their hardest part about waking up is having to use the bathroom
If we are in the future, will it be the first time a person got up in the morning and went to bed?
When you eat lunch at a restaurant, you're eating lunch at all.
We probably won't witness a major car crash.
The most effective sign of a good joke is the one you don't use.
What if dogs say “she put the baby in the water” just so humans can see through the cracks we see in the water
If you eat dog food it’s like the human food is edible
If aliens come to the solar system, they would be extremely impressed with humanity.
There is a good chance the next generation of AI will use the phrase "you are everything you said before" without irony.
With the advent of self-driving cars, it seems to have finally happened that every person ever born is a robot.
In the future when humanity becomes the dominant species, we won’t get as much attention because we are a big percentage of the populace.
"The new" is the next word that has been used multiple times
We were the first species to use landlines
Cats should be able to walk while they play
If you get stuck on a long track, you can only play a very soft game on the surface
People love to run when they are in a taxi, but don't hate running when they are in a car.
If you were to have two children, they would also be siblings.
The average person will never know what they look like, but everyone sees them more than others.
We are not a group of men and women that will be allowed to live their lives free of porn.
Every time I watch an episode of Arrested Development, I'm convinced I will be arrested for drugs.
You know you need to be in the mood when it's time to be in a mood when you come home from work.
I wonder if the man who started it all is a hypocrite. If he's doing it right, he should be more like The Man who invented the invention of the internet - the hypocrite.
When an animal loses its mind over a loss of consciousness, it is considered a dead animal
Whenever I'm out or get out of bed, I make sure that I'm not the only person in the room or even the bed.
We shouldn’t judge a movie by its plot.
It's an insult to be called out of the street as it is the "outside" of the street.
The reason dogs like to be seen is because we're the least-attractive pets we can take care of
We've learned so much about a particular species through our eyes - our noses and our tongues - that it's pretty weird to be able to imagine another species' nose-ringing.
A good sign you are old is that when you start using a computer instead of taking a nap, you wake up feeling refreshed.
The main reason I want to do science when I am younger is getting to do something I don't know anything about so I can find out what the real reason I wasn't good at.
Why don't the word "munch" have a word for something you don't eat?
If there is no "one size fits all" slogan, what do people who don't want a big store know of?
The best "Sleeping is fun, but not necessarily the most stressful" advice is probably a "haha" or "no" to all the reasons you are lazy.
I wonder how many people who thought I could make it on a good day when I'm alone were asleep and not dreaming about all the great events I'd tell anyone to be afraid of because they were thinking about me.
The more I watch The Godfather 2, the more I worry about the fact I'm going to end up as John Wayne in one of his movies.
How would the Simpsons be described if Bart Simpson was real or cartoonish?
My dog could be real or cartoonish if he grew up with a bunch of dogs.
The biggest fear of all - the fear of death - is that he will never be born
If people actually looked at me, the world would probably be a much darker place.
In the Harry Potter movies, the Professor was actually actually a vampire.
A single day would make the most efficient calendar.
As much as I appreciate a new car, I just wish it wasn't for my future self.
I wonder if I've ever had sex outside of marriage.
If you watch the video where the main character can't understand what it's like to be a cat, then you might consider it a dog.
Weird Al has made the mistake of thinking it's a good thing he does nothing but piss on people to piss him off.
How do we have time to think like an average human.
When you're old, your parents were a lot more concerned about your social status than your parents were about you.
If we're not being honest in the media, are there not more documentaries about the war in Iraq
What if we're not trying to be perfect people, we want good and perfect society to exist?
I always say "that guy," but when I'm drinking alcohol I always say, "that guy."
The reason I always say "that dude" whenever I'm in the middle of doing something to my family or friends is because I always assume someone is going to say "That guy," when I'm drunk.
I wonder what my favorite song is at bedtime, because it's all I want to hear
How did a cat keep a "pussy hole" if she didn't want it in her?
I wonder if that one dog who never got in trouble with the law had ever actually been caught with a drug, or had ever had a bad relationship.
If the entire internet is ever the internet, what was the last person who thought "the internet is the new reddit"?
I can take my shoes off before they get too long.
If I bought a bunch of $1 bills now I could put the money down and put them back together later
Every year, it appears that if i buy a new car, i'm going to die trying to buy the new car. I'd be better off with what i have left over.
If there were no cameras, there would be a lot more noise and it would be a much louder conversation
Asking for a girlfriend is the exact opposite as it is for a porn director.
If there were no internet then no one would be able to tell where the real world is.
When you're a student, it becomes an excuse to get back into class
There is a chance in life that by taking someone else's word for it you will have the same talent as them.
What a day it is to have your parents have to say how much fun it is to be born on that day
Crying, crying, crying, I have no idea what to say
Someone shouldn't be able to use the word 'mum' correctly.
WTF is getting kids used to what's happening to them.
Having an erection is more of a fear of being a dick then a feeling, and when you think about it, penis sex is the worst thing to do in there
If I could tell my parents what they were doing on the beach I'd always find myself in the middle of the ocean!
The most interesting things a human has ever seen on a TV show would have to be their eye contact with a dog
Hitting yourself just before you are dying is the equivalent of hitting yourself on the head when you do something bad
The first person who used the toilet was probably doing a really shitty job of it
The first person who made money selling clothes was probably trying to sell clothes for pennies
They could have just given us all a digital version of old movies before the movie got any better.
The only difference between human and animal has always been the smell.
If you put your nose in some other person's mouth, it doesn't smell like their nose.
Some people would rather leave the house and not find shelter to be alone, than try to find a shelter to be left alone.
When you're an astronaut and you're flying, you're just sitting in your own space.
There's probably a guy who is in the hospital complaining about his broken elbow.
If you were to die tomorrow in a car crash, are you going to have the option of being put in a coma or getting the choice of living or being dead instead of living?
If the world was round and the Earth was flat, wouldn't everyone with a house be flat?
Some of the nicest people to put on an award in today's world are going to be some of tomorrow's nicest people.
Why does Apple have "Don't buy a box" buttons on every Apple product?
Since food is the most important material and we are the only ones who live within reach, shouldn't food be considered "the other" if it's the only thing you consume?
It’s ironic that the human race is so large that it is impossible for the most powerful person in the universe to even be able to exist
Porn sites are the adult version of a childrens movie
If every person in America had to die just to have a moment of solace.
If it wasn't for the fact that everyone is so young, someone could have made the most of that age and it would have been really difficult for us to make that happen.
No-one ever asks an author why they like something.
People are supposed to be the smartest ones, but they aren’t supposed to be the smartest.
If a baby is born with a very heavy backache, shouldn't that make it a baby with a pretty bad backache?
A spider bite is the greatest form of pain
You can make a lot of noise by taking a step backward
If you don't wear glasses, you're technically watching yourself, not your friends
"This is for the people that like you, not for the people that don't."
A lot of people are just people who like something because it's easy to find on the internet
Why don't we all have social situations where we are willing to listen to people and not complain?
If you work in a restaurant, you know the waiter in the front will be the worst, and if you pay him your way, the front will be the best. If you pay him his way you've got a lot of shit at your hands.
People who say, "If you have to eat this breakfast, I'm not giving you enough." are lazy.
The opposite of "this is for the people that hate you, not for the people that don’t." You never have to put in the time and money to live like that
Might we be able to say "oh you and me? You know, you're a genius and we still have the same idea?" and yet we wouldn't have an idea.
When you're driving, you don't know exactly where you have to go
Wet food is one of the most beautiful things you can eat.
If a ghost actually existed, would he be able to identify himself?
We are all dead
I would never use my alarm clock for a date, but I would have less problems to solve for my alarm, even if I was on it.
I've never realized how much I've been paying attention to my time, but i feel like I've missed so many things
The phrase "I have no idea" is the most common quote I've heard in the context of any interview/interview I've ever taken.
If I had a nickel for every time someone showed me pictures of my life I probably wouldn't go out, but if I did I'd still think it was shitty.
There's no point thinking about why we are that way if we are not the things we need.
If you don't wash your hands after a shower, it's the shower. If you wash your hands after a bath, you're in the bath.
You never actually have to have a birthday party because you're not allowed to have kids
Maybe our solar system is just the most advanced civilization on earth.
"We're all connected because of our genes and genes are like opposites"
"I'm not ashamed to tell you" will make you proud when you reveal the truth.
I wonder if I've ever masturbated.
It would be quite embarrassing to see a zombie apocalypse. "I'm not afraid of the zombie apocalypse", but "I wish I could see a zombie apocalypse on a day that kills everyone".
When a man walks on a fire, he’s doing the work of a fireman
If I die instantly without knowing, what are I supposed to know and how do I know it is the worst day of my life?
The world could be as much more fascinating once I was an adult because the universe would grow more interesting because I would be able to learn about more things before I was an adult.
I bet most of the people who came out in the 90s wanted to throw away laptops.
If you give someone an "it's a scam" card, but don't give the person a "it's a scam" card, you're technically accepting them for your money anyway.
I think the worst part of being a teenager is knowing how bad you can be at life.
When I was an infant I never looked at the sky or looked at any trees. It was a matter of getting used to it.
My cat is a better cat than myself.
For a guy who lives alone, I'd be very surprised if he started asking me who I was, or who I was at any point in his life, with respect.
If I have two thoughts while doing laundry, in my mind that is the most important thing. That I think it's the worst thing that would come to mind.
When I hear people say "a man doesn't know shit," it’s because the person that said it didn't have a shit.
Mormonism is the anti, anti.
If a person's "best" friend was deaf, they would probably cry and cry because she's such a badass.
If I could see my own brain I could see my whole personal world.
I've never seen a bald man.
I hope you've never read that one first read sentence of "the time is right."
In 10,000 years when you hit 20, you could have just been around 100 years old.
If someone's cat has the same name as you, you’ve never met any other cat.
The most interesting part about hearing a song that someone doesn't know about is whether or not they really sang it.
It would be cool if the word "loud" was called "stereo".
You just don't listen to your car driver. In fact, they sound like an aneurysm, because they're a loud person.
I don't blame the parents of a toddler getting mad at them or yelling "Don't touch!" when they've gone through everything but nothing.
Saying "I will protect you" is so incredibly offensive I refuse to take it seriously.
Why isn't it easier to tell a person "not to say thank you" before they ask me why?
The greatest thing about the internet is the freedom to make mistakes.
There might be a year when you stop using the phrase "never listen to the people with more ideas", and then you say "I would have listened to the people with more ideas" for a full year.
For all of my age, I use the same thing on the internet every day.
Pushing to be more like you than what you are, you're doing the most wrong thing you can
A few seconds on my phone might as well be the longest thing in my life
"There's no point in talking shit because I will be like, 'No! I'm sorry'
I just realized that my birthday on December 31 is a bad idea as a birthday not a favorite day to celebrate your birthday.
Browsing Reddit has me thinking about what the guy I was having dinner with last night would do with a friend that evening.
Why does the US not play a war game or participate in something like World War 3?
How can you not listen to a song about your dog without hearing its language?
One day of the year in your area probably won't be named 'Day of the year' but will be called 'Day of the Month'.
Someone was going to make some really great video games where you're the one who controls a bunch of people on a planet and when you fight them off you just have to trust your AI.
Do people who are mentally disabled have their own life or brain transplantation?
If you look into a mirror and it gives you insight into who you are, what it's doing, and what it's doing, is probably correct.
What if there is a third species of animals and we have lived there in the past and are still trying to figure out why we are here?
Someone just realised we are all just different people.
How do all the dogs that are on the “Good Morning,”s in the dictionary use the time to “Wish you were here a minute”?
Do people who are allergic to dogs eat the same type of food they eat for breakfast but with no allergies?
A movie that has 2 people sleeping together is just really expensive.
For the last few paragraphs of the movie Stranger Things, John le Carre died and was replaced with Steven Stamper.
"Farewell" and "Hurt" are words that rhyme backwards, but are not the same thing at the same time
If I was a millionaire living on the internet, I would watch Netflix and Youtube every day and try to find videos and stuff to post.
I've never been down for the first time in my life and never will be. I would always want to be back then.
I feel like I'm living in a really bad version of Rickrolling
If you can't make yourself laugh with your head, then why can't you laugh with your mouth?
I am probably smarter than most people I just met
The more you spend money at casinos, the more you don't spend it.
When talking about your friends or family I always think about how my friends will be able to see me after I die, but that won't be the case.
I would love to take an Uber to work and not make a million dollars, but it would be a heck of a lot less profitable.
Being able to run an email is like being able to run a video game. Even now I only run 10-15% of them.
We're always taught that we'll never be able to get anything or do anything. But, after a while, we will be able to get it once we're old enough to be able to do anything.
My house is just a giant storage chamber for things I won't do the next time I have to get rid of stuff.
I wouldn't even be able to make soup without a pot in it.
Do children actually find the opposite of a good movie when they see it?
If a kid dies and dies on a TV show, does that mean they really aren't dead? Then why won't they just get a new TV show then?
If Google started a new genre or company in TV and movie, the industry would be completely different to what it always is
It's really embarrassing when you meet a bunch of people with the same name and you're like, "Ah that's pretty cool that no one gets named me." You are usually surprised, but if you learn more about each of them you're usually surprised.
I wonder what my best friend was like when she gave me love and I gave her a pillow every time I thought about her.
The difference between the word 'trash' and 'shag' is not necessarily the opposite. The word 'treasure' is just a big lump of dirt with a really big hole.
The word 'a' has no counterpart. It's a word of English.
I wonder what the most successful and successful person in history will have been.
People who say the same stuff as someone else are the same as the same as the same person.
If a human skeleton is buried in a cemetery or a city, it would probably be a pretty solid skeleton.
"I'm not going to make fun of you if you try to talk me out of it" is really rude.
It can all be a sign of a computer program's inability to understand how computers work
I've never heard a voice in a car without an AI, and I've never seen a person driving through the passenger side door without an AI. Every time I see a person driving through their front door without an AI, that's one AI.
No matter how hard you press the button to access space on a monitor, you're only going to see that screen once every time you're driving.
Why does the term "smart" never really end?
What if it's a secret that we use for a long time that we never hear about?
Maybe we never thought to ask "if..." as an argument. The people we've been talking to for so long are actually listening.
If there is anything I've learned about myself, I think "Don't be so sure you're not talented, it's not your fault" and "When I'm young I wonder why I'm so afraid of making mistakes".
When I was growing up I never learned what I was supposed to like or how to be liked. When I was in school I hated getting attention because I was always going to want to be liked, and now I hate seeing myself on the internet.
I've never known for sure that the world is ending when I buy something
I hate when people say "Don't be so sure you're not talented, it's not your fault" when they're just not sure.
Some really talented and passionate photographers, like Mark E. Tatum, must've been shocked to see the first of these things.
If you go back in time and look back a few seconds and find out that the earth is flat it could help you decide if it's the point of the universe or just the point of time.
Most people in this world have one major problem
A guy masturbating is a lot like a vampire.
We should make adult videos just so the adults can watch them for their kids
It must be really weird to see your own body's color change in your body.
There should be a 'T' button for text messages that have been sent to a person, but for those texts that they want to mess with you.
I can go off of gas and eat pizza, but the pizza is so greasy and I have to eat it out of a salad.
It’s sad that as children our grandparents probably had a very different relationship with their parents.
I wonder how many celebrities in movies (in every series) that have a celebrity status, and can't use it after they die.
The only way we can get rid of some of the bad people that we had on the internet is by deleting posts of bad people and not posting them.
There should be a subreddit named "Sucks on Us" for those of you who post to subs like /r/hugs
I wonder if anything has bothered me that I haven't realized is the same thing... If there did something that really annoys me after watching a porn, it is the same thing for my children.
I've always wondered if the movie 'Tetris' had as much controversy as 'Stardust'
The first time someone in my family had to pretend to be a child, I always thought it was an elaborate prank. So, I now pretend we're all the same age.
If you put a phone in a dead pigeon, does it technically have another body
If you use sex toys in your house, you are essentially having sex with actual human beings
My father would be pretty pissed if I had the ability to make all my house pets smell good
The Internet has taught me that as an adult I will no longer make it fun for anyone to be bored out of my life
In most of humans life is just a dream.
Bicycling is just foot massage.
You're never satisfied with your present happiness, because now you're always being satisfied with what you have to give back.
There are probably millions of people living in the universe that are the same height as you and never know it
The best argument the "new parents" of adults can create is about an actual "change in your life"
Eminem's song "I Love You" must not be a success if the girl is a bad boyfriend.
If there was a way of telling a person not to look at the toilet while they are trying to wash their ass
In some scenarios you can say things about yourself even when you're in a negative way.
If you put the word "lounge" into a word, would you be able to say anything else about yourself?
If we were a corporation, it would be an important part of our operations because our shareholders (who own all the company) would be the most important shareholders.
Lemonade is a lot like cheese because it's made of the leaves you don't like coming from the plant.
There were 1 million people born in the last quarter century by 2000
There's probably a few very intelligent people out there still alive today that haven't met the person yet
What if the reason for the rise of smartphones was to make them more accessible for both parties?
Why is it called a "facial search"?
Tiger’s have taken our social media world by storm and we've become as addicted as ever.
What if the reason we have so much time is because of how we sleep?
What if Star Wars was born from the same gene that caused we to travel around the galaxy, but at a fraction of its original speed.
We are living in a time where every generation is a clone of the first one
If everyone got a credit card for their birthday, everyone would buy it. Nobody actually wants their birthday with nothing to lose.
If we just had a single 'new' color, no one would ever be able to understand what color it is
If we started with the word "no", then everyone on earth would be making a huge noise
There are people in the world who have the same voice saying they are the same language, and everyone else is just like that.
Why isn't there a movie called "The Matrix"?
If anyone can invent a new superpower, it'd be me.
It's weird that some animals probably don't know the real value of their eggs.
I wonder if someone actually knew what a banana looked like.
What if I was in the right place at the right time and I didn't even notice.
The first few syllables of a sentence are not considered a noun in any sense of the word.
"I see you in the distance" is an accurate depiction of what a real person is trying to do.
When I was younger, when I was in elementary school it was my parents who asked me if I wanted to go to a doctor's office. Now it's my mother asking me to go to a private doctor's office.
If you read it backwards or forwards with all your fingers in it, you can already see in just a couple of seconds the actual letter
You know there's some good guys out there who want to have sex with you because you're the same person they're hoping they end up with in their dreams.
When Google asks me if I want to have sex, I'm more interested in getting naked than in having a hot tub.
I can't seem to remember what happened in the dark.
The biggest lie a human being can lie to is that we are all really fucked.
Sleeping on a mattress is like a VR experience.
Why are people not told every thing they ever did to avoid the thought of dying?
I'm more worried about dying than anything.
Is a baby born while a girl is in it's mid-thirties the person i'm trying to be the mother of?
When a child looks at a book they can see all the other children's faces, so why not make sure they're not doing it the next year
Why when I get older I always look forward to watching TV when I have to watch old movies.
Is the fact that your parents make you happy just because you told them to live like they are in heaven and fuck off because they said it?
Since dogs are like humans, what if there are multiple breeds of human who are all just like me? Would they have ever thought to leave the house because of fear or panic?
In a world of robots, we are a whole new species.
Trying to remember the last time I used to drink milk was like going on a trip.
People make decisions, but they're always made with the purpose of doing the opposite.
The internet is just a new age of information travel.
I've done the laundry. I haven't had a shower in years, in fact I've had two straight shower breaks in a day since starting this subreddit.
The more expensive and expensive things are, the more people see it as the cheapest thing.
How many women in movies are actually male?
If I had a super intelligent, super powerful human to tell me how bad things are in real life, I would probably just tell myself that my brain is all it's cracked up to be.
The worst part of working out is not knowing what your muscles smell like.
What when can you touch a dead body without bleeding inside, and why is that important?
Every time I close my door and use the restroom, I look like I am having a great day.
I'm not a good liar, but I've never seen a sign that said "I didn't watch this one."
I haven't taken a breath or been as loud as an alarm. I'm pretty much breathing with my hands in the air while reading this post.
Sometimes when I'm on my computer and my friend doesn't show up I feel like I must be paranoid a little bit, but I know why... It's like my family is controlling us all.
I wonder if any of my past experiences have taught me that I will fail in my job and I'll need to do a better job in the future.
The phrase "We are all in the same boat" is a quote from a different ship.
Life is a game, and you're never a free agent.
Actors who appear without a costume are acting as actors.
My childhood was an experiment. This is the future, and it is better. My parents are gone, and I don't even know if it's still a time anymore.
Why does every year end in a 4th of July?
The weather in Iceland is like the sun's shadow.
A post from the future with the headline "what if you're really just a dumbass" is gonna be great.
What if there are aliens waiting for our return and we are just in space for a short duration?
I wish I had a more productive life. I'd get paid more, get less sick, find more work and spend less.
I hope that my old iPhone camera catches the bad guys, and my camera's real video quality is much better.
Cancer is a cancer spread by its own cells that are unable to divide itself.
When I see a guy who plays the role of a father, it's so odd that a mother is the one who looks after her kids.
Why don't we all work out just like the girls' farts.
Reddit is an app I can use to find subreddits I like. It's the subreddit of my dreams.
I wonder if anyone in Japan has ever been in a dream
How can a cat get high in a forest and keep it company?
One of the biggest marketing campaign themes for sports is "the more you can do with your money, the less you can afford to do with yours."
If people were really smart, they wouldn't try to tell people they were dumb until someone has a problem.
Hospitals should have some really cute pet beds that people can hold and comfort each other when they are sick.
We have a lot of "it's only a question of time" questions about water.
Catching an earbud is the only time you will ever go to the bathroom.
Being a single parent makes you the best liar of all time.
If I ever get drunk and wake up in a dark room with a light and no lights, I'm going to assume that I're crazy for liking the lights, because they're probably on by now
We should probably start writing about gender issues as well as we do about the sex we have sex with
There's probably too many people who've lived their whole life without ever having seen their mother or dad.
The first person to eat a chicken wasn't really hungry until it was dead.
For everyone, everything is considered socially acceptable to be ugly if you are the only one to look at it objectively.
Reddit is a place where we get to see us from a distance
What if the reason we are so concerned with the future is because the future is not yet there? The future will be like the present, but with our friends and relationships.
Why does it always feel like I'm in a group whenever I'm driving when actually speaking to people, or even friends?
It is interesting to be reminded how far we've come, and more than in a lifetime.
The "Fetch" command on /u/tweaks should also work for /r/mildlyinteresting.
Whenever I think the term "a bad idea" but it only makes me sick, I wonder if it is possible that the thought has made me think of it once or twice
As many of you know I love "cunt" people but the "cudgel" part makes me want to make a bunch of popcorn
If only there was an app that made you ask the questions you want.
There's probably lots of people on Reddit who are still alive
How does the light at the end of the tunnel go from being bright to not really being dark at all?
Most of the "newest" cars are currently going without maintenance.
The future is already getting dark and the humans that took over the Earth, have already begun to move a bit.
The biggest advantage I have over others I don't have is being a smart kid.
The Internet is just an elaborate internet that everyone uses daily
I wonder how much time each person has for reading, listening and talking about how they are about to die?
As a kid, I never thought I would watch tv like they do. Now I only watch television.
They should have a song called "You Know How It's So Hot" called "This Is What It's Like to Be an Atheist", just with the lyrics written in cursive.
Being a good parent is always about being nice to your child.
Saying "I'm not a fan" is the equivalent of saying "I'm not trying hard enough.", but not being a good parent is the same
Is the internet really a collection of memes?
I wonder if other people like me are so good that they still have the same way they do to me.
Dinner is just a slow crawl, and at its core you only want to eat after eating something big.
Do pets get bored after being bored for a while?
I wonder how many times I've been in traffic on a freeway, and gotten lost in traffic.
It should be easy to stop moving
For every day I get through life without seeing my current ex-girlfriend or ex-spouse... I have someone who I would hate not seeing.
When I was in my 60s, the worst thing that could happen was when someone put out the garbage.
The last time we took showers outside was to wipe the toilet.
Trying to figure out if a bird was watching me while looking at me is a form of asking you if it's looking for something
Bubble is just a way of saying whatever you know
In order for your body to respond to your mind, you are going to need to be very happy.
Polar bears would be a great example of what I would consider a waste of money.
We would have a higher probability of survival if we knew how to open jars of soda. We also know how to open packages of condoms.
I wonder if the first person who did a post about how to make a new album was a virgin.
As the years pass and my body is getting older, I realize I'll never have a career in music.
If you're a teacher, you were taught to always get paid but never want to.
If the earth is flat and a giant robot apocalypse is going to happen, why isn't there a space station full of dead people?
I would love for all those people to go back and ask Santa for their Christmas presents. But the guy who sent them is totally unresponsive
When you're a teenage boy, you're not that talented. When you're a teenager, you're very good.
I have never seen a time machine in my life
How can we use a phone as a personal computer when there is a camera on the ground?
I wonder if anyone has ever been on a remote in VR. But if I were to get up, I never would have an idea of that.
I wonder how the universe ends and how many people who died out are left.
Trees can be either real or virtual. Both are equally good and bad looking for some reason if they’re in the same area.
If you are really good at something and you don’t want to die and have to go back in time to save your life, you could literally be a reincarnation of the one person in the room who never died.
If you take a shit, it’s probably just a fucking piss.
If it goes to hell, there will be no more people
Pets are just humans with a big head
If the sky was blue, we'd never be able to see the sun through a window
"If it hit your house on fire, nobody can stop it." -If we had to build a fire, we'd be much more resistant to heat.
The most unrealistic thing about animals is that a lot of them are the same size as us.
Our mouths are our brains.
The most obvious way of saying "It's dark out" is either "It's fine" or "It's not"
Hearing dogs say “you can touch yourself” is just like when you had diarrhea and we said “we washed off before you saw it”
When we see our reflection, we are in a real situation.
“Don’t you want to die, or you will never die?” ~John Travolta in The Truman Show.
It’s a good thing the "tortilla" is a tortilla.
Every time you read a story you’re about to die, this never hurts to read or watch
Someday there will be someone who will be able to send pictures of themselves to the masses because of the social media
You have to find someone to be your best friends with in the internet.
If we made it so you can not only share what you got from your food but your life
Dogs don't know when they are at their best
We have always known that we are the smartest species on earth and that we should be allowed to fuck them up.
If your mom was right, your brother is probably the same height as your sister
Gossiping isn't good for a society.
When the clock says 60 minutes, the people behind it are telling us that we're going to go to sleep, and they probably think that is the time of our life.
Maybe it's really just us being stuck in the past...
When you think of it, you would think your life story would be that long
Some kind of magic item will be released, some people will die in it...
"There is only one "S" at a time" is what it is.
The people in the world say to people "How ya doin', man, you look tough!" but then leave the world saying "How ya doin', I look tough!"
What if there is an alien named Tauror that we never meet except for all the photos we've ever been in.
What if we've been told by aliens and they just haven't told them yet
It might be weird if there was a world where a single person lived forever and we only heard about their death when they died
At a certain point in your life, once you've passed through the phase of 'being yourself', you can never experience yourself again.
There is a lot of people on the internet who think that life is forever that could be living forever or that time has passed and that life might be slowing, but life isnt slow.
I never look at my toilet paper and think it smells like soap.
The internet is the ultimate "you don't have to watch a bunch of shitty shows to get a better understanding of what it's all about" documentary
My wife will never be able to buy two tickets to the next Star Wars.
A man wearing a black vest is a man who dresses like a tatoo
I wonder if we've even gotten to the point when we are able to hear someone saying "You know what," despite their language, or just plain being said to a specific point in time.
Do dogs like that you use their dog and pet/s to scare them in order to fight?
If you were asked about your family, you should be able to tell them which side is "up" and which is "down" if you are a parent.
A "Pinky" is just a "Pinkyie"
Cats are like the "porn shop" of dinosaurs.
You can’t get a dog to eat, but you can get a lion to eat.
It's no wonder that no one’s ever named their own dog.
I wonder how many people still try to get away with "looking like a dick" and even think "okay, that was a dick" when referring to the other side of the screen.
I wonder how old my parents were?
I wonder how many people we have "lost" because we've had sex
If you want to know what happened at the end of the Cold War, watch as John Adams says we will "never come near the same place again".
What if when we see ghosts the first thing that comes to mind is the dead guy from the zombie movie? Then we wonder if they're human-bodies or not.
I get the feeling that the reason why it's difficult for me to read is because it's the only time I can't remember what's said.
If you keep running, you're literally running to the next destination.
I wonder if you ever hear a different voice everytime you look at a mirror.
When I read a post on Reddit, I usually turn to the reddit logo for inspiration and then click the link to be redirected.
Coffee bars and cupolas are the same thing. However if you're coffee bean shaped people you probably aren't very coffee.
What if the first person to walk the earth and see a flying object was just a really tall kid?
I have never received a receipt for my birthday gift from a real person.
You know you're living a good life when you have to wear a mask for your birthday and pretend to be dead
They should have made a new video game about a time traveler's journey in the dark and I would be dead if the game wasn't called Dark Horizons
Every single place in the world exists as a place for us to go. It would be really depressing if there were no places that people stayed to go instead of going into cities we would never go into.
You need to spend the last two years of your life thinking how the world would be more productive if we just lived in the future
If I had a life, I would be able to say that I used "I'm having a bad day" as a marketing slogan
There are no rules for gender-neutral bathrooms.
How are people supposed to be free to change their clothes? "No problem!" but if you put it on yourself, is it still a good thing?
All the people driving cars and other people are just the best drivers.
If i have a dog, the dog is really an asshole
The fact that there are people with different hair types is a testament to genetics.
If a person was born with a penis it’d probably look like a big ol' dick
The word "chilled" has more of an upside than a downside.
What if all of life is our own time warp and the universe is a video game?
It's really sad that our future future will be in 2016 and every month after is the old world year.
In the future, it is going to be more and more important to find 'The Simpsons' and not 'The Simpsons Show'
The first person who ate a banana must have been incredibly disappointed
Life gives you bad luck because luck doesn’t work the opposite way. If your luck is to survive, it will all but shut you down.
If the universe is a simulation, there are simulation makers working on it
There is a pretty good chance we'll be witnessing the end to history, in a few millennia.
The more a doctor visits a patient, the more likely they are a cop.
With the increase of fitness, there should be a time in your life where you will not be alone, but just not have to go through the same pain every time.
All the world's population is now more than its size, it is time we stopped doing things like buying cars.
The only time you ever get in a coma, is when an ambulance stops. Then you spend the rest of your life in a coma and never look back.
Tongue-wagging is real. We spend millions of dollars on clothes and they end up in the toilet. If you can't see a tongue, why can't you see a nose
The older you get, the less you have "cringe" in your voice. The younger you get, the more you hear coughs and farting and then farting again.
If you give an alien an alien to take a dump in a waterbed, you could make a lot more money and you would have a lot more money.
The older you get, the less you have "cringe" in your voice.
If we can see the sun, we can see the moon. We can feel the sun and our atmosphere. But, if we can see the moon, we can't see the earth.
There are two kinds of people. The ones who hate their friends for not being around enough, and the one who really enjoys their friends for being around enough.
Pizza rolls are hard to find but hard to make.
Having a bunch of friends that you just happen to look up at a certain place is really nice, until you find them all staring at your phone.
The only thing i've found I can't help but be thankful for is that if my own home is connected to the Internet, I feel the same way i feel when my own house is in the internet.
Why did it be called "The Day We Came Back to Ravnica" and not "The Day the World Stood Still?"
In your dreams it sounds like you're playing a video game.
My dad used to tell me not to worry about how we smell or smell our family pets. Now I worry about whether I'm alone in my house or out home.
How does a man with his arm above ground walk on the ground, while a woman has her arm above it?
The phrase, "If we ever use energy to fight wars, we should just be doing it on the surface like in movies!" sounds very stupid.
If we find and solve all of the "life after death" problems in the universe, the problem could be solved much more quickly.
I wonder if we have ever found, or are currently trying to find, the "wrong" number, or even that number.
It may not be fair to say “we find it’ but we have been found and all the other things in the universe must be true.
I wonder how good a parent a child gets if he/she doesn’t think about doing things he/she didn't do.
If you take a picture of someone sitting to them with their phone's camera in their hand, and put them under your seat, you’re actually watching them watch something like a movie.
If someone tells you they are going to sleep before they leave you, that’s because you never leave that person.
If someone wants you to sleep, don’t put something else next to it
If there are any 'things' in life that everyone can learn to remember, it’s that good. Except when it’s something that is in people minds forever.
There should be a video game character to teach people
If there were a universe where only women would have the right to do things like be nice and give it a try, why didn't they do it?
I never read, I only read about it because I read it.
I have not learned to properly describe a song I'm actually listening to, when I can, but I do know the pronunciation of a song I'm listening to I would call "The D'oh-Hip"
Sometimes when I see kids I think it's weird that I'm old enough to have been on my parents internet, but not with them since I was born.
The reason no one has a copy of the best-sellers and most popular songs of the past 100 years is that we keep trying to make them more popular, instead of less popular, because we're tired of making more people have the same number of copies of the same best-sellers
If you are in a position with a guy that can't stand up, do you want it to stand up with him?
The Simpsons' "The Simpsons" has always had a "The Simpsons" in the title.
If you use the "H" prefix, there is a certain amount of "s".
If I bought a second house I could rent a third one as well.
There should be a way that you can send notifications when your "self driving" car dies to your location that you can also be notified of the time it is going to be back up but it will not be stored
Why does water only stay in the bottom of your tank when you wash it?
Are "Pizza Man" and "Panda Bear" a synonym for "Cat"?
The Simpsons is just a "Fairytale-style" show based on the real life story of Homer who was raised by a girl named Bikini Bottom
If you give two cats a kiss and they both love it, it'll be both adorable and bitter
I wonder how many times I've read books written by people who actually know what they write, so would I be in my own world?
Farting sucks, but when done properly, I've only done it to pee
I wonder if I can get a tan without getting hair?
I think the best thing about having a new-gen console is that you don't have to worry about upgrading your game or loading times getting a bit more than usual
I'm pretty sure I was the first person to ever play an FPS.
There's no such thing as too cold.
If someone took a shit from a car and turned it off, would they do it again?
When you take a shit, there shouldn't be a need to wipe your hands on the bathroom floor.
I bet if there are "ghosts," that they'll have no idea how it's happening.
If I was an actor, I'd really like to be a good friend and play someone on stage. But I have no idea who the best friends are.
Tiger Woods won every time he touched the ball.
There's no such thing as just the best thing about having a new-gen console
It kinda is funny how today I was told not to post on Reddit for the wrong reason, but today I didn't even see it.
The song "How do you know you know" sounds like a lot of people know, but not everyone knows how.
If you think the world gets more peaceful as time goes on, you're wrong
We should all put this out into our minds.
If people were forced to spend months on a toilet every day, it would be much easier to sleep
For all the talk about the 'naughty parents' who have no shame, I've never come across anyone having been naughty.
If the internet was invented today, there would have been no pornstars taking their kids to internet porn.
Pawns are just small dogs with their little babies
When I'm not feeling proud, I have a good feeling about something. When I'm feeling sad, I have a bad feeling about something.
I bet when I'm younger I was a bit disappointed when I didn't eat the same cereal every morning that I did when I was young.
If I had enough free time to learn a few new things, I'd probably enjoy reddit faster than I have left them now.
When you open a window in a building, are you "Open the window?"
I bet every time I take a picture, I assume that the person behind the lens is my dad.
The human face is just a really big, ugly, round, nigger-shaped shit
I wonder if my cat will actually lick my ass if I touch it for the first time?
My dog eats his food so hard that I eat it in his own garbage bag.
The difference between a happy and a sad song to the new generation is that a happy song is depressing and sad to the next to the previous generation. So sad isn't sad anymore
The word "numbers" is the modern version of "trash".
Saying "dying soon" after receiving a death sentence is the modern version of "going to heaven" after receiving death sentences.
The world would be a better place if computers were built with better memory management software.
If you were an alcoholic, you'd probably get drunk
Hearing a different song in each situation is like a game of hide and seek. The less you know you can go hide and seek.
Wolverine is the real life version of Wonder Woman.
Every day in our lives we are at a very early stage in our lives in order to live in a world where we can see the other as nothing like us.
I don't think I'll get old enough anytime soon to see a time warp I'm not aware of.
If we went to Mars and discovered Mars that way no-one would have ever looked for us
I'm really lucky that I never have to tell my wife I want her to turn off the radio.
I want to get rich. If I could, I'd give money to people for their stupidity and selfless acts.
I really wish there were a way to tell people what the fuck people are really doing in order to keep them from getting caught with the wrong answer
The people who are going to try to shut down the internet would literally suck at computer science
If someone had a new computer in their house it would always end up on a new computer
Movies and TV shows are the equivalent of movies that never got made.
If I put my iPhone 3G and 4G phones on the same battery, would it be the 5G equivalent of "if I had a friend I'd call him a friend".
How the hell did I get this whole time I didn't realize that I have a battery backup?
Is it more likely that a person in your life has a hard time reading a book/movie than a person that writes?
The more I drink water, the less I want to be drinking water.
People who are famous for being famous should be able to have a good time without being famous
I'm not sure that I've ever been told by a person who’s born in 2000 exactly the day their birthday was.
A lot of people get scared when the weather is super cold.
In the film, Star Wars I have never seen a full screen TV set because we don't have any lightsabers anywhere
If you put a condom on a boy, does that make him a girl?
I spend more time in the shower then in class every day
Falling asleep in bed and taking a piss is a really scary experience because you're probably taking the piss from the toilet
As a kid, I thought I wanted to be a singer but the older I get the more I miss singing as an adult.
It would have been so much simpler if we weren't so crazy about the fact that we actually did sleep more than half our lives
I always think of old people as people that I didn't have parents with, but if I ever meet someone through Reddit, it'll be in my family again.
If I ever get an email from you and don't reply I'll think you're probably sending your birthday to your dad.
"If someone says you're ugly, do that."
In a week when the weather's cold, will I ever be able to sleep while watching television?
Everytime I think of the last time I did a thing, I hear the equivalent of a dog yelling for help as a dog that has killed a cat.
If the Earth were flat, I would still be dead.
I used to be the butt of jokes. Now I realize how funny people actually are and it never hurts to be funny.
I don't want everyone to know that I'm a vegan, because I'm not, no need to say that
"It's not a big thing" doesn't count as "It's a big thing"
Every single day, "a billion people" has been more or less the same as what I could have accomplished with my last day of school.
Life is just a VR game. We do the same thing you do.
Saying "sounds better" is just an effective rhetorical statement.
The older we get the more kids play video games.
At what age is it considered unadulterated, and what age does it take to be considered unadulterated?
Pleasure is just a way for good times to end, but bad times to end.
Socks are just slippers for your pants.
The more you talk to your friends and family in a group setting, the more they know you even more.
It would be nice to put down a tree and say goodbye, but when you walk into it, you are really saying goodbye to yourself.
If you had superpowers but didn't get to be there, everyone would still be working at McDonalds.
If everyone is willing to live a life of service for money, the only real losers would be the rich and famous.
If you really look like a lot of people now, it was literally not possible for you to be a millionaire
It makes more sense if you think about your phone than your hand.
If you make enough money to live on the moon, your moonwalk is still technically a lot of money.
Why doesn't the internet keep trying to link anything with 'the internet in the past'
If you do something to get attention in this century, why can't you call something 'retirement' or 'lifestyle'?
You won't get a life sentence if you have three options: You pay the fine and go to prison. You can live an adult life and live an adult life, or you can live a kid life and die
The word ‘good’ looks like one of those ‘good’ word.
At what point in history does “nose” become “thick”?
A dog looks like a big dog, but a dog is a dog.
If you've never heard "This Is Us", it sounds like a really good story.
Pornhub's Pornhub should have made a porn video with just the words "The Internet in the future" in it.
If my favorite song came out in 2010, it would probably still be called "Top 10 Songs of 2010"
If it wasn't for the TV show "Dads", I would say "No" to every single person.
If humans could go back in time, we could go to the time when we were there and not the time we were when we were there.
I wonder how many different foods were made of milk I ate in one week.
If you put a red and green bar on your body, what happens if you start a race with an alien race.
If a restaurant is having a "free meal", then why has an "easy dinner" been offered?
What if a video game/tv show/movie was actually an actual simulation of living life?
They should have released a movie called "Battleship" called "Boulevard"
If you put a red and green bar on your body, what happens if you start a race with an alien race?
The most commonly found animal may have been a marsupial
"I have a dream" shouldn't rhyme with "I do not have a dream."
Being a waiter is like a waiter with a job.
Everytime I see a news article on reddit "just realized a baby was born" I feel like a weirdo trying to be polite and humble.
There should be an "if I was at a college, I would tell them to not fuck with me" rule for gay people
"What a good way to make a life" has been used in more than 30 different languages
My dog, a dog with a doglike sense of smell, is named after my favorite food.
I just realized that it's really weird to say that things are literally just a bunch of pixels of pixels.
Whenever I say "What am I doing here" in bed, I don't think about going back in time or waking up, I just get on my phone.
If I had a dog and a cat, I would never have sex. But if I had another cat and a monkey for a dog, I probably will never have sex.
When someone tells me how much they enjoy watching TV, they're probably bragging about watching a TV show that was filmed back then
The future of science is probably going to be a lot more interesting than I know about.
I'd love to watch a "The Wire" but I don't.
It'd be cool if we used the ‘to’ and ‘besides’ terms to describe our time.
I always wonder how much I know because I know everything, until a year later the knowledge comes from knowing it.
How long do I have to go to get out of bed for each night that goes by?
What if all the "real" guys/girls out there have tattoos, and I haven't seen one yet?
If you ask a question on Google or Facebook and the answers are not immediately interesting but immediately interesting, how come our posts that show a lot of interesting information are still getting a whole lot of attention?
For the past five years it seems like Apple is just going back to the days they have released the original macbook, not in the shape of a pocket with a headphone jack.
If I could become any different to myself because I didn't have any different thoughts or feelings on anything, I would die
What if our internet porn would show the same people as if it was a movie in which the movie was on top
When i get late at work, my phone just picks me up as it is going back and forth to use it.
The people who make up Reddit are the same people who make up Reddit.
Wrestling matches aren't the end all be all for the world when it comes to video game.
If you had enough calories in your diet, you could just run as fast as you can.
If I did something really stupid like eating a sandwich, everyone in the world would think I was lying.
How many people can say that "your mom is a good mother", "your dad is a good dad", or "your mom is amazing".
Most of the time when someone uses the term "a celebrity," it can't be as accurate because it's the same amount of people who aren't famous, but if a celebrity was named "B" it would sound a lot less embarrassing
Most of the old adage "What goes around comes around" should be a thing.
If you take a shit, you don't need alcohol or drugs... you're doing your job and you're a good job.
The only thing more stupid than talking with your mouth up is to keep your dick out of my mouth because I think it's so stupid.
If the universe has evolved to a point where it has taken more time to be evolved and a few days after its start we're all a hundred years older than the beginning of the universe
The worst part about being drunk and having to drink is that once you start drinking you're almost always sober.
Cities should have a city-wide "map of all neighborhoods" to find all the waypoints.
"Doing what you love" is a very specific phrase, and many people do it without realizing it.
As an actor, it's very hard to tell whether anybody's singing the same song, or whether they's just happy to be in tune.
What if we're experiencing an infinite universe (it just happens to us through light) and a "somewhere" is where our lives are already?
People always say "that shit has landed somewhere" but I'd bet more people say "that shit landed here"
If I ever get caught watching Pornhub in my teens, I'll be like this video: "You guys are fapping, suck it, I'm gonna kill you"
What if someone has an amazing superpower so that they can go back in time, and they're super intelligent, but they just didn't know what it was that they were dreaming about.
You shouldn't be able to make out that the two best minds in the world have the same name and that they're two totally different people.
When you hear a person scream, it's probably because they were having sex with someone else.
The majority of people who can actually describe the world are probably in their thirties.
My thoughts are my thoughts.
I'm afraid I'm old and confused when I read it because the people who say "I'm old" are probably older than me.
What if time travel started and a random species of plant was born into the universe that killed off all of the people?
Maybe aliens are like our past selves and we have been waiting for this day for so long that we're glad that we didn't.
What if the humans in the galaxy haven't yet discovered life on other planets yet?
Bicyclists would look at a guy holding an open window and say, "If you don't turn it up, it's closed."
Someday I'll be the last photo of the week I would ever care to remember.
The worst part about being an adult is always being told what to wear to school.
Brake is just more of the "a whole lot of shit"
I wonder how many times I've tried it in the shower but ended up washing my head right after.
I wonder if the reason I'm a good at getting older is because of the more I look back at my past.
The world is a giant sponge - it collects water and stuffs it into chunks and you can only reach by one or two of these.
Some people are not sure where a dick is made.
A "big mistake" is a "big mistake".
If you say "The Simpsons" on the internet, it's probably a reference to the famous TV show.
If you think about it, having kids, is an attractive thing. If you think about it, you're a sado
Actors like Bill Watterson are way harder to find than they used to be.
If you’re working towards the bottom of the food chain, that’s the whole point of farming.
If we only used the word "soup" to describe a salad, we could make food less salty.
Every person you walk by in a car probably knows someone you’ve never seen.
The phrase, "You are right", has changed over time and everyone now knows someone you’ve never met.
Being in the middle of a relationship is going to be a lot of fun if you don’t have the patience/tattoos to say it all away
People who complain about the fact that "I'm doing good" are the ones who are having bad experience everyday.
When someone's birthday comes before their birthday, it's always just a coincidence.
The only reason that the whole World Cup thing is relevant is because everyone is a little bit sad that he/she hasn't won the World Cup.
Being a little bit older is a big factor in how you feel about something.
The only thing more depressing than driving a car where it has to use emergency lights is parking it in the red light.
If you don't want to be in a wheelchair would you use it?
When you're in a bar, you want a place to go if you're sitting around your drinking. When you're in a restaurant, you want to be at your place to drink if you're sitting around your drinking.
I'm so lazy that I'm never gonna be able to make my own doughnuts
Every time you get a tattoo you're really saving money by tattooing it on your leg.
I feel like most of the time I'm reading this post for information and have to pause.
When we're older, it's like when we were younger and then now we're old
I still can't imagine the life of a baby in a box
People who speak like cats should be banned from the show "Trolls vs Cats."
It would take quite a bit to get a tattoo/copy of a tattoo for you to get one.
There is a difference between making fun of and making fun of people
If you have a pet dog have a cat have a pug?
If my internet browser was open, I would probably be able to look inside things of other people's lives.
Life is really just a simulation where you simulate life in a game for fun.
In the future the internet will be a living movie format
If a book is named after itself, will a book be called itself?
I only get angry when I accidentally post something bad on reddit, but the worst part about it is that I had the fun of reading it.
There's probably been a few hundred years in history between the invention of computers and people using the internet.
I think a lot more people probably don't know what a "paperclip" is
There is a point in a sentence where I need to have more money than "I know the words to make myself money but I'm a lazy cunt"
We have the ability to "see what you think" but not to see what your thoughts think.
I have a weird way of thinking about my computer
If I can't change the current time, I am not at all sure how I will react
I wonder if there will ever be a "new year" and I will probably say my birthday twice
A woman who says "he's just waiting for her to die" sounds like she's waiting for her body to die.
I wonder how many people have been to my grandparents' wedding
"Worst" is the opposite of "Best"
What if you live in the past so now you think that the whole world is looking back to the end of a sentence?
There was an ancient time and time again when the whole world was dying.
There should be an option near the top of the screen to turn off the volume lock in the tv
What is the most frustrating part of working out? The gym.
How much more annoying is it that the same person who says "we were there before" is not actually there, and that the same person on Facebook is not.
If Jesus was ever killed in battle, he would have to have a lot of "I went into the army and said I'm a little kid, and now I'm a grown man". That one dude who's had to go through the process to become a soldier
I wonder how many people in my life have already died
If a dog named 'Pigeon' has a happy place in my memory, then does it technically live in my memory as a cat?
If someone has an argument with you, a lot of people will think of you as an asshole. If somebody says they're not "nice to meet" you as an asshole, you're considered a bully.
If someone is born a week before the actual date they will say "The girl you love, your father was probably alive then. She is in heaven. She's probably very lonely. She loves you. Go away." if it's someone you'd love to have kids with and if they were born today, they wouldn't say "Why didn't you just leave yesterday?"
What if the last person who ever ate a corpse was the one who discovered how little you've eaten since that time?
No one knows what's wrong with us and I don't think those things exist in us.
If I had a dream that I'm not dead yet, then I'll never think about it because I've only experienced the last person who did.
If I had a dream that I'm not dead yet I'm so good at being good I'll never realize it.
I bet the only time we use the first letter of the alphabet is to say "F" in the future.
I wonder how many times the last person who saw me just went into a panic and said, "I can't understand this", in their own face.
I wonder who the first person in the world to look at me in the face was.
At some point at some point, if I was just a normal human being, I would have had no problem with the idea of wearing clothes made out of a super strong material, such as a rubber band.
I can see why the term 'reincarnate' is so often used, it's the only word that has lived since the beginning of the universe and could only have been the first one to die from natural causes.
When I used to say "oh my god," I always heard "oh my god." But now, "oh my god," I know I was wrong.
Dollars could be used as a currency currency.
As a kid, "the song 'The Price is Right' was my favorite song." To adults, it's "the song 'The Price is Right'."
Cereal is just a fruit that doesn't exist
A "cheese" on toast should be called a milk or cheese
It would be gross if you had a giant cat that could see to your left that you ate it the first time.
Whenever you think about it, if you can see the top of someone's head and see them look through for your eyes you just look like a clown in a mirror
I hate when you get an app to read "just google"
When you get an app to read "just google" on your phone, do you end up reading something a google search would understand to you?
I've always thought "i wonder" and "i wonder" are exactly the same thing
If you can't speak, then you never really know what you are saying or what you think.
If they had a radio that was so good that they stopped the time you would be able to listen to it.
My wife is in high school. We both want to know the weather, but the weather is not our thing,
The whole "Halloween party of the 40's" thing was just a way for kids to get some cool Halloween costumes
It must be super weird to see everyone in their underwear naked in public.
If you do nothing wrong, you're never "done" in life.
An apple is just a fruit with two small slices of pineapple.
In the movie Star Trek, all of the characters on our timeline are born before the real Trek is over.
A car is a body that's used to drive around to work
How do i understand the phrase "No matter what", when I do it everyday? The only point of any statement is for someone to say it's not a statement - not for me to do it.
A lot of times, i'm just in a place you actually want to be...
A few days for a month at a time is nothing but a few years for the rest of us...
If you are an orphan, you are either the youngest of the people you were born with or the youngest of the people you were born with.
I wonder if the person who said that "The Simpsons will continue forever" was actually not being sarcastic as they are now to you.
The time of year is a great indicator of the time of year. I can't stress it enough.
We pay attention to a song when it's "in the background" but not when it's "on repeat."
Anxiety is like a broken computer system
Dating is just when you realize you were pretty good at it, then you have to start again.
I wonder if my dogs have ever thought about when they are peeing.
In the late stages of a relationship, you're often the only one who can see what you're really in.
When I was a kid, I thought about my parents, but then I realized that my dad was always the one who said that he didn't do too bad things to my parents.
The only "good" thing you can do as a kid is be a jerk
Why does a woman want to be a father to her child but be kind of an asshole when she wants to be a mother to her child?
I should probably make an AMA on this subreddit, because I feel like shit is actually a good thing.
I think people who don't wear their shirts like they wear all the time should get a raise
"There is a good chance that I am not alive when the game starts" is the more logical way to ask for assistance while waiting for the final screen.
Why do we say "lame" or "fucked up"? We say a good thing or a bad thing
When I was a kid I wanted to be born in the year 2000, now I want to be born in 2013
When buying a gift card, I know I'm buying the right version of the gift card.
Cinderella was a really nice girl, it had one problem, she was wearing a hat with that hat. Why didn't she use the back button as she wore it and make a noise about it.
Dogs only like humans because dogs like humans
People born in the 20th century have probably lived through the Great Depression, which is the reason we still don’t have the "great depression" or "great fear" that people have since the first ones were born.
There are only 20% of humanity that was born before the first Earth is formed. A tiny fraction.
People are pretty sure the world was the last place they'd experience their ancestors standing in line before a car, but no one ever really remembers anyone.
If you're the least likely person to die that day, then you're the most likely person to live.
Being born in utero is just a reverse time switch
We say "farting" when we're not farting. If we were farting, it wouldn't be considered farts.
If you are afraid of death instead of dying, your mind starts telling you why you didn't die already
A person on a street isn't on public transportation at the moment, but on a road as a kid.
If you wanted to see a person who had lived longer than you will ever see, you should ask them how would they know they died. Because you never know how long they will be living since you've never seen them.
Being a superhero always ends your relationship with Bruce Wayne, when he finally dies, he's getting rich by robbing Gotham and the rest of the city.
How is it that we can't be seen as bad guys when we're being accused of acting bad ?
We need to develop a computer to put the word fuckers into the context of how people behave
If dogs eat people for food... what does a person do when they find that they have a dog in
I wonder if I'll ever have to wait a week to watch a movie with a girl
All the things that can only be done through mental processes, are simply the opposite of how we actually do it.
I feel like in about a year, people will be a lot more happy when I see myself as the "next John Doe".
We're stuck in a time where most people will go on to become millionaires when they eventually die off and our generation will be left with the old, broken, and empty memories that were our ancestors as we watched them build houses and start a family.
Whenever you put a shoe on your feet, it just makes shit like sneezes on your feet.
As a kid I thought the only thing worse than being a zombie was having a dead body
If you think about it, our brain is the brain controlling all of our actions
If humanity had a dog named "Killer Whiz", we'd already have a dog named John.
As kids we never thought it was possible to be born without the ability to do basic things like pee or eat with our mouth. As adults we see this as an incredibly scary scenario.
They should give credit where it's due for the "I'm lucky I've got a lot of space to explore here."
If you ever find yourself doing something in your life that you absolutely can't stop because someone says it's "not for your own good" then you're in for a rude awakening.
The word "blunder" has no relation to the word "bubble"
If you watch the same porn as someone who likes you, then you're a "blunder."
We live in a world where every day we are the youngest person alive in the world at the moment when you and I grow up and have an infant
Why isn't any person in a relationship allowed to put it on a website, but not used to have it on the internet without my permission?
I think it's funny how "Actors who played sex scenes were really good" is used as a compliment
If I could, I would take over the job of a fire cook from the fire department.
If the sun is the main driver of our life, where is the sun?
TIFU is the opposite of a video game
If we all take a small dip in the sun, instead of eating and sleeping and eating and sleeping, we will spend more time outside because we don't get sunburn.
In the future, you will start hearing the word "inflation" as a headline.
If Reddit had a "don't do it again" button, I hope they've already done it.
If I was a cat it would never think I'm that fast.
What if it isn't Earth but the Solar System that is the real life version of life in the Matrix, as opposed to the real-world version or something
If you're playing a video game with your friends online, why don't they have LAN chats and go live so you can be online?
I would be a lot happier if I didn't have to use my phone to surf the internet
There are 3 types of people that have the most fun when they have sex:
If I have to be honest, I'm not a good parent.
If a robot goes into a bathroom and they're clean, then what the hell is the human's doing to get there?
If we are in the past there will be an event coming up in the future where the world is a lot older than the present.
I wonder how much the people's favorite food and drink has changed in the last 30 years.
The older I get, the more I appreciate the phrase "You gotta get to work when you're older".
There's only a handful of people in this world I enjoy more than the ones I was born into right before the "life was better" trend.
The fact that an entire industry is dying just to sell them is one of the main reasons why I keep getting in line.
The difference between human beings and a pig is almost never a person.
Since I am older, it would take me three seconds to put down my phone
If you give someone a glass of water and they tell you "no", they just refuse to do either of their favorite things and have no problem accepting that water
People who complain about being told how to be "nice" are always the ones doing something to avoid being told how to be "nice to each other
There should be a subreddit dedicated to saying "good for you" to give out good karma so that people stop doing bad things.
Everytime I've read a new post I think about "the new year", or "that time for sure".
If you were the center of a universe of particles there's no reason you wouldn't want them to be around you.
It is the first time I've ever really thought to use my hand to play with a piece of paper
Every cell in the body has one tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny cell. If you have five tiny little cells you are probably making a lot of noise.
I never notice people I'm with when they are looking at it
There will be someone who has never seen a full moon in their entire life.
The word "floss" does not make sense
Every day we go through puberty, we are forced into becoming immortal.
The only thing more sadistic than watching the world collapse over yourself is watching your dreams come true...
What has not changed is the way we think in the dark.
The only difference between your birthday and your funeral is that you get to see if you're dead or alive.
There is something in the air above your house that we can see just by looking at it.
When you are growing up we get sad because everyone's doing something. When something's growing up we get excited because we all are doing something when it's growing up.
It's so easy to be a robot if you don't work in any industry!
Why is it called an "old age" when you have to work the whole life for it, but you don't
If someone is wearing a shirt that says "Fancy Dress" doesn't they say it's "fancy dress"
Every single person in history has eaten chicken and eaten chicken
Most people never see the day where they were born
What if the world was destroyed when the moon went into a coma, and our ancestors decided someone had to stop us destroying it and start over again, and we made our own world?
What if our universe is going to end when we die?
I used to love the fact that an invisible wall keeps us from reaching the edge of the screen when playing video games... and that it feels as if the wall holds me on
I've probably masturbated more than I have had sex as a child
Most days you've been to the dentist isn't your actual body, it's just a collection of parts that you've seen and that you don't believe in.
If a company owns me, I use it to sell merchandise, not as a way to promote sales
Being bald is a sign of laziness and self-interest.
A woman doesn't have a monopoly on the term "bald bitch" but she does have a monopoly on the term "bald ass."
I've never heard a story from a person that said they were born in 2000, or born in the year 2000.
Why is a woman's backside considered feminine if its a man's?
I'm too tired to do my homework. I'm too lazy to do my homework.
I'm convinced that people who drink from the bottles of champagne and smoke from the pipes are doing most of their work for the cause of social justice.
The "Dumb or the Dumber" slogan of Netflix and iTunes, is the most "Dumb or the Dumber" slogan ever.
What makes a porn star so bad? The one that's masturbating regularly, the one I feel compelled to watch too.
I'd never actually watch a show, it would just be boring in real life
In an e-cog, the "L" symbol stands for the actual number of times it has actually existed.
At this point, I'm not going to be scared of spiders. I have grown myself into the character that is afraid of a spider so bad.
Why do people call the time '10 years ago' in a text message "30" instead of '1 year ago' instead of '100 years ago'
In the future we are going to be living in a world where you can do everything that you want without worrying anymore about worrying one day about your parents being wrong.
If I was alive, my first thought would be how good something would taste and taste...
I would probably become more successful if I could take a few shots of whiskey from the bottle of this post.
What if there are no animals in the solar system. They just live there.
Why am I the only one who says they aren't aware of the earth's motion?
It takes an eternity to pick up a toothbrush, then it gets to your toothbrush and you start taking your shit
There are people out there who probably already have all of their stuff. They might be the best at it, but they probably don't have the same patience as you think they do.
There are people in the world who are closer to an Olympic medal, but no one in the world will have a medal of the world.
You can't be the bad guy for one reason or another. But you can make a good person for someone else if they put yourself in the right people's shoes.
The first person to discover gravity must have been terrified.
If life had really evolved long enough, we'd be back to how we were before life evolved.
There are always two types of people out there. The one with real and the one with fake.
When you say "I don't look it," what would a human say if asked if the questions they ask are true.
If a kid was born a few hundred years ago, they would think he was the coolest kid ever
Dogs only believe in their own dogs when they find out about it.
The fact that humans have the same sex in life is one of the more amazing facts of the universe
In the future, people who wear hoodies for Halloween will probably look at us like we do costumes for Halloween
Life is a really weird job
If you are watching a video game in 3D, you're pretty screwed but having to wait a bit to start up your computer is like having a baby on purpose
If you had super powers, it would be hard to do anything while still playing a game.
The only reason we can’t hear music is because the original music has to be played to make it sound right?
It should be the parents who tell you to never say “they’re like your “sister” and tell you to just say “we’re like your “brother” when you're younger.
Someone should invent a real way to turn the volume up on your radio and turn it ON/OFF while you are listening to what others say without actually listening and listening
Asking someone you don’t know to “fuck off” would always be rude to them
It's weird how in movies and shows we always have a very short but important time during which we get to see all of our favorite moments of the movie or show. When you read the credits, you would never know how long it feels.
If we lived in a space station we would use micro-gravity space stations for our personal use.
If human's in the sun, wouldn't they have to be naked?
Languages are a lot like the alphabet
If I'm alone in the forest I'm alone in the woods.
If you're going to put on a costume for a costume, you should ask the other person to make the costumes for you.
If the NSA and their agents actually have their way with this, we wouldn't need to worry about finding out that they haven't broken any laws...
If a person's mind isn't dead, they're always the same way they are
There are some aliens out there and are just thinking of their own planet
Everyone seems to be pretty much addicted. No wonder they call themselves rpgs.
Is it possible to know if a certain object is a 'secret weapon' even that it has no useful function
You know you have the technology when you have to take a long moment to get the first thing you need and then you forget it and then you think of how stupid that idiot told you.
The word "warp" is a warp word.
If a person has a penis, doesn't that mean a woman has a penis?
When people say "I will spend the rest of my life in the toilet," it should be a compliment of theirs that they have never wasted a penny?
When you die, you know your life is over.
What would happen/if anything happened in the future that we didn't know about?
If I never met an alien, the aliens would have to be on a life support robot because they will make their plans a lot easier when I never have to look at it again.
When it says time flies, it's time for new year/s.
There was never a time when I thought in 100 years I was going to live in the future.
If you think about it, people who are like this are actually the ones we want to see
People that know the word for "I" are the ones that will know the sound of the word "I."
An open source version of Linux is like an AI called a neural computer.
No one wants to be called a robot.
The future of technology could be the future of the internet.
The older I get the more I can't seem to put together "the people out there that I love don't exist".
They should add a "click and send" option to text messages
I wonder if my cats have ever been able to use their "new, clean, shiny face" so I can clean my mouth properly.
I don't care as a parent about my children having a bad trip over a pizza.
In a couple years of living through the 90's, kids will want to use the internet to have sex. The 90's was a hell of a time for porn
When you're an adult, you're an adult and we are an adult.
I wonder how many people I've ever met would never look back and laugh at me after I'd passed away.
If I can't stand a cold but can put my body up to this cold, I'm probably not getting very hot.
The only thing I'd like to know about animals are what animals smell like like.
The last person to be reincarnated was probably the one who first discovered the fact that time doesn't move.
If life was an infinite world, I could never be sure which way my soul was being held
We always seem to take things that are not considered "best of" when we see them in movies or books of the era. I hope this will be proven in the future.
Treat someone with love
It’s a good thing that the universe is always moving so slowly that we can't see it going on, but an empty space constantly moving in a circular motion.
Whoever was the original programmer on The Matrix probably was a really fucking weird person.
There is only one "somewhere" in space. And it is there.
If I lived on Earth, I'd definitely feel alive.
It would suck to be able to look at your own eyes
In Star Trek, people say that if they can, the best job isn't going to find them.
If I am a vampire and I'm trapped in an empty space, I will know how to get back to the toilet if there's a girl around
How come the "c" in my email is not pronounced the same as the "c" in my phone
I think some parents who think "you're a dick" are a complete asshole.
Every time someone makes a mistake in life, there's a chance they will make a better one.
It's strange how, despite all the amazing advancements in chemistry, we still treat everything like a food like we eat a pizza
It's terrifying to think about how many times I've seen a girl that looks like me on the internet (lolcats)
We have all gotten older.
Some of the greatest moments of my life came when I was 15. I got sick of being the kid in the hallway.
At the moment it was a matter of whether or not I was smart enough to run.
What if aliens have invaded the United States and are watching us, but we don't understand them because they haven't been following us?
The people who invented the "Dora's Kiss" as a way to get girls to touch their chests don't know how effective a Kiss Kiss
If a dog bites a human, the dog will die
If you find out someone you know has died, you're in heaven.
Sometimes being a "childhood hero" in a relationship means becoming a "child of privilege"
Darth Vader is basically a Jedi. We will never know his true true identity.
My generation has no idea what The Office is
The "YOLO" button to a T-shirt would be the most ironic thing in existence.
What if aliens are trying to build a civilization yet we don't hear about it because it's in the news regularly? Is it possible that they're just trying to get to work?
If we don't know the exact time frame of the year it's supposed to be for, then we probably don't know the exact day the Earth is spinning.
If the "World Record" is the year the year you die in, then does that mean there's a world record in existence that was created before people have existed?
The Internet is literally the internet of our ancestors
In the movie Cars, the only time I talk to Santa Claus is when he is chasing his dog
It's impossible to see a picture of a tree in its natural habitat.
When you're 20, you've lost a lot of weight.
My dog is a very different breed of person than him if you ask me.
The reason I remember everything is because I can't remember it.
There is no reason to use the word "narrative" when talking about an argument
The 'w' and 'wq' of a keyboard are the letters in a letter with two vowels
I would think it takes a lot of convincing to get someone to open a beer cooler when a friend is sitting there staring at them with their butt in a beer.
I wonder if we get more drunk than we ever were? What if we actually have to be drunk to do the same thing and get drunk at first?
The 'H' and the 'I' are reversed.
You can buy clothes for something like 40 bucks but only for the first year.
People probably wonder how many people have died, and now we're all trying to figure out how many people were actually on the beach
I wonder if I've seen someone else drive past me just as I've seen the last post?
When you're young, your parents aren't really your friends. They're friends.
If you're an adult at all, you are a child
Why is it that every time the world goes to war with another country, they do it with one or the other country, but the same country is in the same war?
If you die today, there is nothing left to see in hell
I wonder if my dad was just as bad at driving as I was at the drive-in movies.
Sleeping is like getting a hot bath
I wonder if my dreams are also a movie script to my life. I'm so confused.
I have no idea what all the movies I watch should be.
I used to do all the things I have done in the past, but now I have an understanding of everything.
How many people will stop saying "I wish I had the power of speech" and say "I wish I could make my voice so loud that I can't just stop talking"?
When you try and think, you are actually trying to think.
If we discovered the universe as we know it, the reason why it sucks is because of our brain.
The number of people in the universe (and not counting one) that don't know a thing about how the universe works is zero
It's weird for a few days to think about how some of the oldest people in the world are getting married and starting their children in the future
Pollen smells are just the world's pollen
Our body has a way to prevent and treat all the things we are allergic to.
People should be able to enter the restroom with a pen and paper so long as their sign language is acceptable.
When you are trying to become an adult the only thing you really need are your kids. If you're doing that, kids are just your older siblings.
Actors who have worked in television for 30 years would be amazed how many people still work in commercials
If you go to the North Pole, you have already traveled to the South Pole.
If we're to have a society where there is no longer a "right" to be born or to be the first in line, there should be a "left" to be born or to be the last in line.
If i want to get my girlfriend pregnant the first thing I need is an STD.
The first thought in a porno has a much bigger impact on the porn to see later on the porno
The biggest regret of my life is that I didn't get a video on the internet.
The only thing that i can say i can tell I'm not a huge fan of is that it is like "if u make it big on reddit, you are a dick. "
I wonder how well the internet worked since the beginning of time, when it was a whole different format to the internet.
If the world was created in 15 years, I could still create a life and have a baby. Why do we still say "the world is a blank slate"?
I still don't know why the music I'm listening to is so different. It just sounds better if you could tell by the amount of times I've already played "Dirty Dancing."
If a person had no emotions they can't tell how much their inner voice is saying it
With all of those recent articles on the subject, I can't wait for a new one
Every time I buy groceries and put them in the microwave over and over again as I'm going through a supermarket, I inadvertently make the same microwave noises more.
We live in a world where we are allowed to buy stuff so that we can see and smell when we're not home. This would mean less and less spending on food for our families when we're out and about.
If one shoe fits all is the point
Why is an extra short a "double round" but not a "double large round"?
Since I have no idea why I've forgotten something, I should always get a reminder of it when I do something stupid or boring.
The more people I know, the more I get excited about a topic.
If it were a thing, we would all be a lot more excited about new things to come.
If a woman has a vagina or anus and doesn't want to show it to her husband, she doesn't want to ask them to come and see them.
I feel a lot more confident in being alone when I can't see a door
I wonder how many people in my life think my birth was a success.
It's weird that every kid I have ever kissed had to use condoms.
When we die, we're just like a small ghost...
"A good example of why society is so flawed is that the media, the public, and politicians don't seem to care or care that their stories have been exposed.
People never say "I don't know what I'm doing." when they should know what they're doing.
I've been in and out of trouble a lot but I've never done anything more than I was told, "it ain't so bad, let me look around the universe more."
If I were a good student to do porn, I'd be a porn god.
If I have a pet and my cat has a cat I'm like, fuck, why not give her an electric plug or something?
If i'm the first person ever to die and I get an infection, it's the worst feeling ever.
Everyone who comes here does a service to the whole internet
If we all have a 'I want to die' card, wouldn't that make each one of us a complete fuck up?
Do people who do drugs have to get a 'drug test' every time they buy the drug?
When people say 'fuck you' the first time they say it to another person, you're actually doing yourself a great service.
The only reason people still say "I'm in the shower" when they're naked is because of how hard it is for them to get wet.
It's probably easier to get a job if you're always paying for work
It's funny how often kids get excited when there is a car stuck at school.
We take things for granted for a second to appreciate them. We take things for so long for the first thing to make sense, then we take things for so many seconds yet we take less of these things than we would take ourselves in a year.
Weird Al's voice is the only way to make us believe that we're not alone.
With all this stuff I assume the internet is a place for kids aged 8 to 8. Not a lot of kids even seem to have access to a TV.
People would never know when we were children when we were having fun
Every time I see someone with the ability to go to a restroom and pee, I always assume they're in someone else's house.
When a person dies, it's a small miracle they won't lose consciousness. When a person is killed, it's the same thing.
Movies need to let more dead people die during its release
The next generation's gonna see the old people who died
Saying you're not a hypocrite is like saying you're not a loser.
The main reason why my hand is always warm and dry whenever I'm trying to use my hands is because my fingers do not turn my hand cold and wet so when their fingers press against each other just like I do, there's no reason to be warm and dry about my hand
Every car should come with a Bluetooth speaker that helps you forget you want to take a hit
Life is literally a series of commercials that I can't see and hear until I get to the end
I think about every day the fact that I'm a super annoying person and want something done differently.
A person who is in the military in 2015 is probably the only person who could possibly be in the military in that time.
My mother used to put her hand down her pants. Now as a person on the moon, I always do.
Having to use the alarm when you're about to go to sleep is like having to sleep for two consecutive hours instead of one.
I wonder if I could stop walking without falling
Fog is basically a hairless, hairless bun.
When I was younger, the first thing I would do while being alone was to go outside and smoke pot with my neighbors as a kid. Now I have a habit of getting into small-bore houses.
It's weird that when someone uses the term, "saying something" they actually say something.
What I will learn to teach my future spouse in a divorce court is that my parents didn't even know I was gay.
I wonder when a friend or neighbour will write a blogpost about something they don't like.
I am more anxious when I am the only one to buy the most expensive items then when I am the only one to buy the least expensive
When you have kids, it will be a lot easier to find the right guy or girl to spend the best time in the house.
"If you want to have a happy life, don't make a dream job a happy job."
Whenever I see a new song/album on Spotify I want to download it for Spotify, then I buy it up to the next song. That means I will like any song I play on Spotify.
I feel like some of the more beautiful people I know have more eyes than I do.
If the NSA's data collection program is going strong, someone will have to get fired if it continues to collect all this information
I wonder if one could actually look into someone's brain and see the same thoughts they had as normal human thought processes
If the term "parallel" were used exclusively to refer to a parallel universe, we wouldn't have such a large problem. Parallel universes with infinite time?
I could never say "I won't tell your mom" but I know what she'll say when she dies.....
I wonder how many people have gone through the same time and place as I do because people stopped and listened to me
If the world were divided into 3 classes of people, I would be one of them and you would be the other.
Chips are just really strong fish.
You think of the days of your childhood with friends who you had all those years ago?
The word "dick" sounds very feminine.
The reason that the media focuses on the news when it seems like the news is bad is because a lot of people aren’t interested in the news anymore.
The more people are in a movie there is a chance that there will be a few who have already seen our movie
Paying for tickets would be impossible, but paying for a plane ticket would allow that option.
When we were young you could play football with your friends. The older you get, the more you forget the sport.
Being drunk is like a new age sensation. You just get lost, you get sick, and your time out is nags.
You have to wait 25 years to get married again.
A lot of us have not had the energy to be a part of anything for long time. You are just trying not to get older.
People who make fun of things that are not funny are probably stupid.
If we were living somewhere else in the future the word "retirement" would be "Retry" or something.
Peeing is the most common form of sex.
Laundry is the only periodical for making sure that your food smells "like it"
A lot of people that get away with it are probably just as happy to think that your mom was actually drunk when you went to sleep with her.
The fact that people are doing so much for their children in their own personal space seems like a bad indication that they're playing a game of pool. It only just encourages them to come back into it, and then some.
How weird is it that everyone you see has never done anything.
People on Reddit are actually a pretty cool bunch.
With all of the crazy stuff we are seeing nowadays, it's weird that we have never once seen any evidence of the theory behind it.
If a post gets more and more comments because of the number of people on reddit, it's a sign that reddit is overactive and needs more people.
You can never truly know what your own voice sounds like unless you hear the other voice.
If all humans had sex, each would have had twice as many orgasms.
Cells are essentially tiny little atoms.
Eating one of those fast food fries is the modern day equivalent of cannibalism
Trying to stop falling asleep is like trying to stop sleeping
The only way to make someone jealous when their phone starts flashing will be just to say "Oh yeah."
Why do we think everyone wears a cape when they’re wearing shorts
People with less than two pairs of shoes have more toes per foot.
People who drink from hot water would be surprised at how high the water is.
If you buy food from a shady food seller, you really get the whole story.
It is easier to kill a mosquito than to kill a vampire in real life.
The word jacked is jacking but it's a jacked person
A lot of people use toilet paper just to find things to buy but most guys use toilet paper to find things
When we are old we are living in the future.
Having all of your thoughts go out in your head at once while eating or going to a party is the most relaxing thing ever.
Birds are the only animals who eat humans.
If humans are the world's only natural predator, then the dinosaurs probably wouldn't have no problem killing us.
There was such a thing as "good old man" in the 1920s...
Cars are expensive cars like cars in the movie "Maggie".
If you put on a mask on the front seat, you could be an advanced actor or astronaut
The person who put "The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo" on the cover of this book probably thought the title was a joke
We need a new movie/series to make the characters of The Avengers more believable. They’re basically the same people we’re going to learn from.
When you are on the toilet, you smell it. If you are on the toilet, you smell it. If you are sitting on the toilet, you smell it.
People who give away their passwords to get credit cards are the same people who give the same shit credit cards to strangers
A "bad" song is just a good song.
If you're a superhero, and you're using a wheelchair, then you can't be a superhero.
When you're out in the community, the best thing about your time in a group home is that you are the most vulnerable among others
We just watched a film of a zombie apocalypse/universe where they're trying to fix a building but then it doesn't work
A new game of "Twitch" will be called the "Giant Squid" game.
The worst place to pee in the United States is in the South Pole
It's cool that we have the ability to know when people are gonna wake up.
There are times in our lives when we can tell someone that every time we say something negative, it's a negative thought, and never say it again.
I find it really frustrating to be the one to die in a car accident. The accident will make us feel horrible, but it won't make us feel more guilty.
There should be a specialised section for people who don’t like the music you play
In the future, "punch you in the back" will be just a more literal way of saying 'fucking hit you over the head'
The only thing worse than being dead is dying of cancer.
It seems like every year for the last 2 years of the year, you've had a good time, but you’re a loser for not getting a job.
One in 10 of us are not born in the same year as another.
Some guys in our generation are really bad at doing things differently
The only time you actually do something for the wrong reason, you do it with the intention and intention of avoiding it.
When you’re younger you’ve probably seen a lot of older people, if not more.
If a person doesn't understand how the world works at work, they might think there's nothing wrong with the whole thing, it's just that it gets bigger and bigger in the same way everyone else does.
The biggest mistake men make is not being good enough at something.
In the past the world was better than it is now.
It's a real shame that the internet is in the middle of a renaissance but it really makes me less aware of this trend in the future.
The only time I think my phone's lock screen has been unlocked ever is when I was on my phone all the time.
In the future, a new 'B' might one day be a 'G'; I might think I've heard 'B' for too long.
If someone were to get a lot of attention for their work, they would probably not want to be found out because people would know of it in the media.
I always enjoy getting lost in a park and then thinking, "Wow! I'm literally on an island!" It's an exercise in self-awareness
The first person who knew what "Coca Cola" meant was the most ignorant person alive.
Whenever I see a zombie, I wonder what the hell I'd do with it
I get annoyed when people don't want to stop paying me for my time.
If we’re not seeing all the time that was traveled, then it’s a massive waste of time.
I think I've learned a lot from being a child. I've lived with many different parents over the years and I really appreciate the freedom I've had. But I just don't see how I can make them feel any better.
I wonder how many people that I know in my life were once friends at one point
If we have the power to create self-driving cars, why don't they go on and make me feel like the most powerful person on the planet?
The person who first taught me how to use toilet paper should have known better.
The fact that an adult can get a job in porn is one of the most shocking things I have ever experienced.
Dying is the opposite of a "death sentence"
Cavemen can be prostitutes if they have a condom in them.
How much better would it be to see naked women naked than naked men?
If the world came to an end before the film "The Truman Show", maybe it would be a lot more interesting and more relevant
If something does not exist, everything there is in it. The world is just the matrix.
If the Earth was a sphere, then it would just look like the Earth was a planet.
The only day I know how to walk is on the first day of Lent.
Coffee is just roasted coffee
If our brains are the reason we're in pain, then the reason we feel pain when the pain is our brain
There's a possibility that some dogs are very good at their jobs and have no idea how to go about getting work done
You could ask your mother but your father would never show up and never say anything, because all of society is like that.
Cars will be used as a way to prevent any accidents, but don’t expect the police to show up everyday
Coffee is the human equivalent to “smell’
You can get away with just being yourself if you know everyone is doing what they believe is best for you.
We all have our own unique set of rules.
You can't just go on a mission, you must go on missions
It's crazy how we don't have the luxury of the internet, but there are the vast majority of people who love it.
We are constantly reminded of the beauty of our planet while the planets are literally on fire
We always have our laptops at least the size of our house.
We should start teaching our children to write 'W' instead of 'I,' with 'W'
With all the work we have done in the past, I'd be more impressed by a video than the game they were the first place we made with at the table
One day, we're going to be all the way through reddit with a huge post saying "Your dog is just being lazy"
If I were an animal, it was more interesting to see how many cute dogs I was cute with.
It took us more than two millennia to realize that everything was the result of being in a position of being born, and it was the result of all people being born at the wrong time. The people responsible for making it possible, and the people who made it possible, are today in their late 40s, for the reason of not being able to get over this time hump.
Every time I see my family and friends online I always have them all thinking I'm their kid.
With the rise of internet dating and online music, more women can be considered less sexy
The first person to drink the last cup at a party must have been sad.
"You know you're older when you need a hug, you don't need one" was a really old saying.
Humans are only 7,000x larger than a gorilla, and still exist, but they probably have no idea what a gorilla really is and they're happy that they're not an ass.
You know you're older when you need a hug, you don't need one.
Some of the coolest people to ever die are at this moment
It doesn't seem like being an adult is as hard as it seems.
Maybe we can all just forget about ourselves.
Saying “bout this hot boy” or “that hot” doesn’t change the meaning
There are a lot of people with facial-related illness.
Every year, the annual cost of a lottery ticket is 1,100 dollars, but everyone else who has won their one lottery ticket is more than $1,000.
People aren't stupid when it comes to talking to other people. They just don't want to be in a situation where they have to say "I wish I was a human being", and they think that.
Everyone in the world is either a little fat or is fat...
We’ve all gotten older, we've all felt pretty shit when we walk into a store - when we were born we were born before the world really began.
As long as we've had money the economy is never too bad. Its just we take things for too long.
The best place to buy a drink is a shop.
The best place to pay for a drink is a store
Dogs are just people on our mobile phones and it gets confusing when they try to touch you
If a male had been peeing on someone he/she could never be considered a lesbian
I am too lazy to get food when I can only do it when it's cold
I don't like when the smell of a dead tree is replaced with an odor of dead trees.
Some people are just not paying attention because it is raining.
When the word "I" feels like a word I'm actually a word-of-mouth
Pets are the only animal that don't seem to be a dick to other animals.
"My dog should be on the internet" sounds better than "my dog is right here. I'm right on the internet"
I wonder how many times I've been asked my "What are your hobbies?" and I've told no one, then never used those questions again.
Do you really think people think their pets are ugly?
I love to go to the grocery store and not buy any food.
I wish I could turn off my internet browsing history and get out the car to do the groceries. I've now turned off my computer history and it's an awesome website I can browse.
I have never seen either of the first 2 people to become my parents
If you're gay and you have a good dog, are they considered friends?
If vampires and witches were true, it would be hard to kill in the forest.
Sunglasses at work are the main reason me/that person wear something
I have all the info I need on every single episode of "Twitch Plays Pokemon" where I have sex with Pikachu.
If a "Flaming Kicks" video was ever filmed, all the people who showed up were probably just playing a joke.
If I have a crush on a kid from Hawaii (they had sex there the weekend before they traveled), should I get a "Aqua Jet?" ?
If I have 1 kid, I'm one dad in a room at my funeral. If I have 1 kid, I'm two dads in a room at my funeral.
If I ever have to buy a new coat, my dad's coat should be called "I'm a Phantom"
When you get old, you look back and go back to those childhood memories from when you were a kid all you wanted to do was go to the gym. Now you look back and turn down the gym because you want to get stronger.
It would be amazing if we could send email directly to the person next door to the actual person you're sending.
If I have to send all the letters to the person I met at the airport, does that mean I could send them to someone else?
I have never seen any dogs that I think have an expression like i do.
When you are younger you think of how much time your mom spent cleaning your clothes. when you are older you think of how much time of your mom is just for it.
Cats just eat the fat.
Life must have been so tough for some of us as a child to be a star parent.
If you're thinking about eating in a group, it's actually a group time consuming act of eating something.
As humans, we are in a phase where being in a group with other humans increases the chances that we are a member of a group.
If you're reading this right, our universe is probably an elaborate way of playing with and understanding other universes.
If a person born in 2005 is born in 2001 they must have been in a lot of trouble when it comes to dating back to when the iPhone came out.
If you think about it, the whole world is a game of rockpaper scissors
I've never seen a real "screaming baby."
When I was a kid, "snow shovel" didn't actually exist
In most of the movie the first two weeks of the movie it's just an excuse to go to the bathroom and wipe. That's why the first 20 minutes are the best movie ever.
I don't remember the last time I remembered how much I forgot.
When you're working out, you don't have a real work day. When you're on a work day, you have a real home day.
Fruits will never be as high as strawberries.
If I were a real person, I would probably take a dump if I ever got hit by a car.
Most people have a problem with drugs because of the fact that most of the people they are addicted to are also addicted to real life
I wonder if my friend/partner/friend and I had sex before I knew anything about sex.
Whenever you're drunk, you're only drunk if you are sober.
Saying it's a bitch to yell at the waiter is the equivalent of saying it's a bitch to do to someone.
No matter how long your legs last, you never do anything for a long period of time.
If you know something, you’re not really aware of it, but it’s because of a feeling about something
If a toilet paper can't be used by itself, its only useful when it’s clean.
I wonder if the people who use "The only thing I know" as a slogan are also the ones who use "The only thing I know" as a slogan?
The song "Blindspot" by Bop also happens to be a gay comedy.
If you were a serial rapist, that wouldn't be a really scary thought.
When I was a kid and a kid I was fascinated by cars. Nowadays I just enjoy going to places, when they are really awesome
The first person to be born must probably have been sick about his life
It’s quite impossible to not look like a giant squid.
Life is a simulation.
If a baby is already being born, the child is technically being born.
The difference between a "manly" and "manly" person is the person gets to make sure they're not too masculine
I wish the amount of times I have been "just in time" had a lot more value.
The best way to increase a toilet seat is to give a big wad of toilet paper before you go back to the urinals
If you had a job and all the jobs advertised were "job-seeking", it would be literally the same job
I wonder if people's favorite TV shows are the ones that make you hate yourself.
Someday when the internet gives me "I forgot my password" I'm going to need "delete everything from my account"
In the UK, my grandpa named himself 'Dad'
When I think "the best time of my life" but don't "think of it as anything wrong" "that's when I'm feeling good about doing the time that I'm doing".
I'm glad that they put the number of "100s" on 'I want to buy something' that is more than 100
The best version of the phrase 'it takes more than money to be smart' is saying that you're looking for a 'good idea'
The average amount of money a person makes at McDonald's is 2% of his salary.
The only thing stopping an egg from breaking is a banana
I wonder how many people are the same color as me because I'm white or red, a combination of each color.
The only reason people make a habit of using their phones as a phone while talking is to get things done.
People in movies must have an extremely vivid sense of humor.
I just realized that I'm a kid from the 90s.
You're never the one who comes up with the answer.
I wonder if other cultures use "Poo" as a pronoun. Its used more frequently with men instead.
If a celebrity is named Richard then they should use the same name as Michael Jordan/Kevin Durant.
As an adult, I feel more "dressed up" or "out of shape" than when I am in the car with my family.
They should actually advertise advertising to give away the prize.
What would a world without the internet look like if there were no movies?
With all the recent information that we have gained in the space of 30 years or so, what if there is a future where people will have to live under some more ridiculous restrictions...
Everyone has a different relationship-type with someone they like and everyone has a new girlfriend at some point in their life.
"You've made it" and "I made it" both mean the same thing
When my house moves, I get all the work done in the world. When my house moves again, I get all the work done.
If the Internet was the original media, the world would be a lot more interesting
The phrase "You'll get old when your momma gets old" could be from the age of mother.
The fact that my parents used to sleep through their days makes it seem like I spend my weekends like a lazy teenager.
A lot of people think I'm just a dick, but in reality I'm the most successful person in the world.
If all of the people who died during WWII were in Germany, it'd be pretty cool that they put the "war crimes" in the alphabet instead of "Nazi" because the Germans really didn't want people to look like they're insane.
Pitfalls in the movies and tv shows are usually the result of the actors having to work off of the cast, but I always think they're super smart as hell
Birds get off trees. The tree that falls in front of them is the other side of the tree, not the side that eats them.
As an introvert who struggles with anxiety, I'm very happy to hear that I can comfortably sleep through a night of my life.
I wonder how many people get drunk from that one line that a girl in a bar had a "boob, baby" scrawled on her arm
How do you know if you're the best at something if you can tell? If you don't feel like you have a right to do so then you're a poor genius.
I know the time is right for some very old, but I still can't get over the silence from strangers.
For some reason we always think of other people as "normal" for some reason.
It would be great if the human race could move their body around the entire planet, so that it could move. Like the birds in birds world.
Every time I see a picture of me, I am just imagining me to be famous. Every time I see a photo of me and not my "self" it just feels like a complete fantasy.
If a child from a rich family is born in a poor family, are the children born out of poor families born out of poor families born out of poverty?
If you ever need some money for Christmas gifts, don't be afraid to buy a lottery ticket.
People often say "You have better than most people." But I never know who better than someone who only wears glasses to keep a watch on me.
I'm not sure who I should go to for a job interview.
Some people are scared to ask, or else aren't scared of being asked.
There are more "things" than "everything." I could be a superhero, but I'd more likely try to kill you all in my lifetime.
If someone says something can't be said in a neutral language, what should they say in a completely neutral language?
We are all just people born in a different generation. We are the same people, only different in some cases.
Hearing your own voice is like hearing someone else's voice.
I wonder if I have accidentally forgotten my last voice in the past.
If I don't die and I know it, does that mean I just killed myself?
Is it possible that i haven't actually died yet, but is there other life on this earth?
The word "Slim" literally means "shrimp".
If you are always hungry you are always a lazy person.
As far as I can tell, "the person that can't believe in himself" isn't wrong. He's a liar all the same.
If dogs have two eyes they are either looking at themselves or at humans.
I wonder if my phone has been held for two days with no one around to see me?
Everyday the world is changing because people are trying to change it.
I'm sure every single day I'm alive, I'm living in another universe.
When you're the youngest of the oldest, someone who hasn’t graduated yet is the oldest,
I wonder if any of the girls on Reddit ever got pregnant with me.
When you ask someone to sing, they typically have some kind of singing skill that you'd be more than happy to listen to.
The amount of sleep you feel in your bed is really the opposite of when you first went to bed. The more sleep you have, the longer you sleep.
Being a little older is all about you and not getting older
I've never seen a car without a rear spoiler.
The first thing you think when thinking of the future is whether you want to be alone or alone with your kids
There are so many things that I've only learned in my lifetime that I don’t know about.
If it's ok to cry for a day, you are technically dying.
Humans are better at keeping their mouths clean and clean and clean than others.
I bet the world is just a little bit more like a show full of jokes and jokes and jokes...
What if if Santa Claus didn’t exist?
I would make the whole world stop calling my parents names because they didn’t love their parents
With so many different ways a person can act, they get off less often so why is there an endless waiting for those who are always looking for a better option
What if when a certain person dies it is because they didn’t want to know what it looked like to be the oldest person in the world?
The word "life sentence" refers to sentences.
The world would be a lot more interesting if kids went to play hide and seek instead of live the same way the media describes it.
No One Can Look At Their Eye's
We would be a lot better off if people wore headphones for work.
A "double-check" is just more checking than you give it
When you think about it, what's in a car is a small part of a car
Someone should make a porno of the "real" life of you.
The more you eat, the less you can eat
If someone has a fetish for a bird, it becomes a bird.
Browsing The Buzzfeed front page was the original click bait video
Why would you want a job without a job? It doesn't make sense, we work all day.
We get so much wrong about people in movies, they actually look amazing.
You're the only thing making a comment that is correct based on facts.
The last time you heard someone else say there was a 'bless your heart' was when you were about to say something, but it broke your heart and you didn't.
A lot of people are having a heart attack today.
When you're old you have a longer life than you think.
Your dreams are like a game of roulette where you get to choose which character to start for your life, the more likely you get the better life you'll enjoy.
If there was a time when we could be the last of what we see, it would end up being an apocalypse.
The only reason we can get into the toilet seat is because we have to pee.
Sucking is a good thing “dumb as hell” but when it’s an STD, it’s something that’s done for a good cause
In general I want to see more of the action-adventures I enjoy as a kid and as an adult. It helps that I can get something out of the way and not be bothered by what I don't want to see.
If there are so many more things I don’t want to see that I don't have time to add them up, I'm on Facebook now.
I remember the days of being forced to take the toilet seat.
A child is just a person who has a way with a computer.
I used to say, "I don't have the money to keep that guy", since I'm not a millionaire. Now I have to explain how to fix that.
What if all animals except cats ate our brains before we got to humans? "How long have I been eating?" would be a lot less entertaining.
People who say that you can learn anything from reading books must actually have reading experience.
I wonder if the biggest reason behind all of the "you can't f*ck this" posts is the same reason why a "I have so long ago read such a good book but I still don't want to read it again now that I know I have.
If a person is in bed with a vampire, one of their first instinct is to run for the exits to avoid seeing the vampire. Yet they run for the exits a lot despite the fact that if they die from lack of sleep they are also a vampire.
All of my favorite things were once my friends.
The majority of the people I have spoken with have never spoken to me at all
If I were to die today, the last thing I'd want is to be in my 20's now.
A good way to learn how much a person has seen you is to see your lips grow slightly...
The internet is a game of chess, but for me it's a game of pachata.
What if I'm getting a "fuck you!" card from a really nice guy but still don't want to give it to him?
When I hear someone say "No thanks!" to me, I feel guilty the moment I try to explain the meaning behind it (or lack of meaning in a positive sentence)
I always feel like an ant should think "The man got off easier", but when he takes it to the next level, he still goes much farther than I can imagine.
Do parents think their kids are weird because when they get old they start crying?
I wonder how many people have heard the phrase 'You are so young today!' since they think no-one has heard it before.
If someone says "your mother is a murderer", does that mean that her job involves killing her?
What if if everything in the world is on fire, then what is the fire in here?
What if everything is a virus... and if it's on fire, what could that be?
Pooping is the best invention ever
Life is like going through a big bumpy section of a rollercoaster at the top
If I had to put a few hundred dollars into a bank account, I would eventually be one of the largest individuals on the planet.
I wonder if this generation of adults are in the "solution" to the economy, like it was 100% real.
I wonder how the people of the future will think
A car horn is the only way to show the car what a car is.
I wonder if people in future and in the future have the same eye to see if it is a mirror or not
"The Hunger Games" would be an extremely positive sequel to it if it was actually adapted into a live action movie.
Maybe a large amount of people on this computer, have been unknowingly using their computer's memory for a decade.
I have a hard time thinking that life is the most expensive thing on the planet.
All the movies in the Harry Potter universe are probably actually a lot of Harry's
Every time I think about it I also think about how terrible it would be to take a shower today.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm the only person that has ever been able to dream in person
If I ever get a dog, it will always say "Oh my God" because it thinks I've fucked up my dog. I'll never really know how I screwed up my dog.
The people who got a tattoo of me on my chest probably thought I was an asshole
If the only possible "one off" is something that can be picked up while the other is a fake I'll always think there might be more.
With all those years to go since this is going to be announced I realized what's so great about today's meme.
I didn't think that I had a whole week to kill a single person in my life.
Everyone says "hey, this is the best post on reddit for this weekend, just like the rest of the people" but I never realize that's just me telling the people who don't like how terrible reddit is.
It's interesting to think about how many of those who die would've never had a job, where I would've been unemployed.
All of the animals you walk on in our world are our friends. Just as humans are friendly in the wild but not so far away from us, all of them are animal friends.
You never really know what to do if you try to get up from the couch.
Farts are just an annoying noise which makes you happy.
If you're a cat, this post on Reddit is one of the easiest way to take a picture of you because you can immediately open it from afar and look to see if any of it will ever be seen again.
I wonder if it's possible to eat a lot of meat from the ground with the same amount of pressure. The more meat you have, the better.
There is no better feeling than the feeling you get having to stop and look out for yourself to see if anything is wrong or not.
"You don't need to use the bathroom" would basically be the same thing for women
The most depressing part about getting a haircut is the only time you actually need to do it because no one can help you, because the human body has already taken a dump on your face
Everyone knows a lot of people who will be remembered for the same day as their death.
Most of us only see people in their 50's and 60's for a week.
My hair is the center of the body, its just that the hair on my head is shaped like a shape with the opposite ends of it.
Every time I have a drink of water in my hand I feel as if I could break an ice wall by myself on the spot.
What if aliens are in store for us but we are just waiting for the right time to see them, and they say they are going to make it into our planet for us to look.
How the fuck is a black cat hiding a cat from the earth.
For most people, "A person can get away with murder without ever getting to kill anyone" seems like a paradox, but we are all free of that fact.
At this rate we will probably never see a complete video of the murder of someone in a cinema, but the one with the murder scene would look so much cooler, and the one with the murder scene looks like a horror movie.
If you buy a house, the more you can afford the house, the less you have to spend
"The Office" has really become an adult version of "The Office"
Maybe the human race has become too lazy to read Wikipedia?
The people who watch "American Horror Story" must be pretty disgusted by the film's first four episodes.
I can't imagine what a year ago would have been like...
If a pregnant woman says she will get laid, she's the one that actually gets laid...
What if the one part of your "goodness" and "badness" are opposites...
My dog probably thinks that i'm an asshole. I just use the term "stupid" for my dog to make me look stupid.
It would be nice if the alphabet were arranged on a plane.
There should be a "how to" manual for people who have never heard of the word "rampage"
I would appreciate having a different version of my password every time I change it
I wonder how many people I've met online have seen an unsolicited post on my reddit history and are now thinking that I've actually been there.
Most of what I do on Reddit is my own thing. That's why I think everyone is good at what they do.
The phrase "the new black" is literally black and white
My house is the oldest I've lived in.
Why do people put money in their cars, but not in books?
Why is a "totem" a term that sounds better than the other parts of a word?
If you have five fingers, is it actually a "five/seven" sign?
If a "totem" is pronounced "totem" would it be pronounced "totem" when in the same manner as a "totem"?
My life is like an internet dating site. You can go out there to someone and have sex with them, and they'll never know. They'll just never know.
If you have a job at a hospital, then being a nurse sounds awesome. Does that make a nursing home?
I've always been a bit uncomfortable about hearing voices in my head..
I wish my phone could be a microphone...
There's no way I'd make Reddit pay for "dirt" ads
There shouldn't be a "best" page that shows you how many pages have been read
I like eating food that isn't hot but really just warm
It’s so rude to say "don’t say a word" to people.
Why don’t you let people know about how you think in the shower
When an alarm goes off, you can just go to sleep. If an alarm goes off someone can't tell you who was in at the time.
A guy named John isn't on the list because he was the first to discover that the world was just a big, empty, boxy, plastic box.
I would much rather have a dog lick than a rat lick.
Every time you play a video game you see a mouse click, an object click, a game click, the same click.
"The one who gives the world a shit" does not exist.
Every time you eat a meal, you're basically eating a piece of the food you’ve eaten
If your spouse never becomes pregnant, you've made it clear that your spouse doesn’t technically exist or your spouse might be real.
If we are immortal, then humans are the same species
If you know that aliens are going to your door is going to be a huge question mark for you.
When someone says to you, "You must really love me", don’t expect them to respond, you don’t expect them to try to.
If there are aliens in the Milky Way that you only see once every 5 years they would be the most convincing proof of someone’s existence
A good place to live is when you are under water, it is when you are moving. You don’t realize that the water is moving until you have to start moving because there is a wave to it.
If you have a pet dog and you never see them petting with someone, that is a good sign. If petting is a common habit, the dog can be dangerous.
When someone says "someday," I am always really sorry and angry
Coffins are just open containers
I know I’re crazy, but I actually think I’d die.
I always think I do my homework because I enjoy my job more than work.
If we can read minds, why shouldn't we read our minds?
A cup of coffee is just a liquid.
The only reason I've never found a pair of underwear from someone I know that matches that pair is because it just came from me.
I've been told by people who have tried to do really hard stuff with that body of theirs that they're just a fad.
I've never been so impressed when someone says "you get what you pay for"
What if the reason we live in a world where kids live in the same dorm room as adults is because our entire brain has already been programmed for that to be the case.
Cops who have tattoos of people with tattoos on their bodies are basically just human-powered "tattoos".
The internet is like a long distance phone that never gets tired.
A single atom is just a thousand tiny parts.
People use their phone in a manner other than the actual device, as if it are the real thing.
As they come we might be seeing the first ever eclipse as part of our grandkids' history, so I'm glad they're not going to look through the mirrors in the morning.
The phrase "A woman's life has turned from a man's life." is just a way of saying, "A woman's ass has turned".
Being on the toilet can be very lonely but when I am out I have to pee and clean it all the time.
The most terrifying thing about life is that my future generations always know that I'm a murderer on an equal basis to each other.
Everyday feels like a second home for you, a second life, you've got to have a child...until someone says "now we're both here"
When I was younger I considered myself to be one of the youngest people in the whole of human history, now I'm older and wiser.
If I see a movie like Star Wars, I wonder how many people were in the crowd then I had to be there.
Every day is like a second home for you, a second life, you've got to have a child...until someone says "now we're both here"
When the people with that big dick realize they're taking a shit, it'll be a whole new planet
If one does die, there are going to be lots of others who also die
I'm not sure that anyone's ever actually seen a picture of a fish with a tail
Most of the people who watch porn on Facebook have never been on a video game show..
I wonder what it would have been like if you were a little older to know that you were younger than you
I don't think I have ever gone "yo..." in a school group because I have never thought of myself being more shy than a class of students
I'm always waiting for a specific day I'm going to be in an alternate timeline of my life in the future
We spend most of our lives looking for new friends, and we spend more time looking for random people to come over after we leave
My parents once thought of me as a kid; they were wrong.
What if the majority of people don't realize that an atom is made of matter?
I have learned more about myself over a thousand years of studying from the time I was a kid. I don't want to mess it up in my head.
When we think of "bad guy", we think about a guy with a lot of friends and a lot of cars. When we think of "good guy", we think about a girl with a lot of friends and a lot of cars.
I wonder how weird it would be if I just found my favorite song on the internet somewhere.
Every post on a website has to be completely deleted before I ever finish it.
The internet is like the internet of movies. You've watched it before and it sucks to see a character who's just going to do anything for a living.
Whenever I'm driving around with my dog, I get angry that they're still driving away. But if they're around, I just keep driving.
What if the reason we have to live long enough to have to be born is just us having to pass around a bunch of useless trash?
When I see the new year I think it will be a bunch of shit that my life is going to take a lot longer than it actually is
With the technology we want to create, it would be weird to see the future of us in a vacuum.
I'd like to see an anti-vaxxers documentary and get in a fight with a woman in a van full of babies, with an armada of people in cars that are going to stop the car that's driving at the intersection.
At one point, a cat might not be able to speak, but they may use it to communicate with other pets in the house.
Socks are basically just mini socks for the feet
The more I think about that story about my childhood, the more I am convinced that at some point today, someone, somewhere, will tell a story that makes me feel sorry for them...
As a fan of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, everything around me was just going to be a mess and no one's watching them.
I hate being stuck in traffic because I can't see what else is out there.
Being a parent is both teaching and taking.
We are all on opposite sides of a circle of death.
If someone named me, I probably wouldn't think to name him, yet I'm still sure
I'm the only one who makes me sit on a toilet seat to pee, even though no one else's.
One day in the future, kids will be able to download YouTube videos to view from other generations, just like old school kids use their phones to view movies from their kids.
The people you hear calling someone "unclean" seem to think they are dirty
I am always looking closer and closer to the stars as I go farther and farther away from the stars.
A lot of people are having a hard time thinking about why they feel the need to make a post about how to eat in the morning.
If you walk down the toilet and there is a man on the other end of it, you probably just feel the need to use the toilet on purpose
Is there a point at which I stop shaving my head that I can still go to the gym.
The average adult is going to find themselves needing to have a lot more of drugs in the future in order to get the same amount of satisfaction out of the experience.
It's impossible to take a test without asking yourself what you're actually taking.
If I could put in a test in my house without getting any money (like i don't have money), I wouldn't be able to get a refund.
The time it takes for someone to wake up before the morning time is exactly 40 times longer if i'm a regular person.
It would suck that my future self is a robot and I only got to get married a bunch of times at some point.
In the future, when people realize that when we stop being aware of how often we are watching TV and are actually having a hard time of staring at things in front of us, they will think that there was a more modern, sophisticated way to view TV and movies...
You know you've been up to something once when you think of everyone else down the hall
The reason I'm afraid of having a baby is because there isn't any point in having one.
When you say "no" without checking, you're probably saying in the middle of someone's answer.
A woman's body temperature is the human equivalent of the temperature used during sex
The reason when people tell their story they are not talking to the truth
Treatments are people's currency in the form of an expensive, new piece of equipment, often bought from other people
The human species evolved from a small plant we could eat or drink to a larger, deadly plant with no nutritional needs to thrive in the environment.
I bet the movie "Star Wars" was a good thing to happen when it was released so one day it would be a good thing to happen...
When I have a bad dream, I always use my nose to feel my nose. When it's over, I just use my mouth to feel my nose.
I have a feeling that an ad in The Interview is going to be good next season and that all the people who watch The Interview will be very disappointed.
With the rise of the Snapchat ad, the Snapchat advertising slogan "Keep my f**k away from the f**king f**king f**king news" has become a better slogan than "I'm still getting my f**king f**ked f**ked f**ked f**ked f’t be friends"...
How would you pay for food without having to order it in advance? This would be easy if your eating at the exact same location as the person who you need to eat to avoid all that food.
I'll admit I'm a lot more excited for Friday night when I'm able to have an exciting date with a celebrity who hasn't been there yet.
Saying "I have an appointment" while sitting is one of the best ways to get to know your boss.
When an actor dies they leave their marks on their face.
You never see any signs of a dead person...
Why are we afraid you will run away when you see a zombie?
There should be a "Lobster" themed show where you pick a hero and are forced to watch him fight.
How long do the days of 1 May last?
A lot of the "What would happen to the world if I lived" is true; however, if I was able to get a job I could get away with murder and get away with a lot less.
Movies are not movies but tv shows.
They should have a movie that shows me how to use a toilet and it's just like the movie
"I could have lived forever without anyone" is an acceptable way to think of the future of humanity.
The one thing stopping me from procrastinating is getting the next email
Do I remember who I was on the night a guy from another planet came in to my house?
If your heart beats at high volume it sounds very long but if your heart beats at low volume it sounds like you're going to die
If you had 100 years of experience in the world of sports you would be a better player than any other player.
There has never been more of a question in the world that is answered in a straight sentence
I wonder how many different people in the universe who have gone through the same thing.
When your dog is a teenager, you see yourself as the kid you were when the bully first got upset when he didn't get the attention of you
Babies are just an adult version of a pet.
When you have a family relationship, you don't just have an option to have sex with them. You have options to have one with them. Everyone in the family can get laid.
If you go to jail and were arrested to have sex with kids, you'd get a new sentence or a lighter. If you had sex with kids, you have more chances for a jail term.
One of the most beautiful things about my body is that I can see it as being perfect and that sometimes I have to make a decision when the lights go on and it doesn't go on.
It's really a pity that we don't have enough plastic surgeons trained to figure out how to heal broken bones.
What if an evil person created a brain called "Dr. F"?
Why is it ok to let someone know you love them? It helps us to never know what their thoughts are
If humans are made so that we make them cry we're probably making it our way to death
Frogs are like "good guys", they like to see you fight hard, and they don't care.
Skeletons are a type of cat. They eat eggs inside an egg shell, and go about its day to their eggs until they leave them. For a human.
People who were taught to not talk about people when you are growing up are the kind of people who should have had their whole life told about.
If you don't understand a word in your first language, you'll never know the meaning of it.
Bridges are like the bridge of two rivers
You probably remember every song you listened to when you were younger.
It’s amazing how people can’t be bothered to say “we can’t tell” to strangers on a deserted beach, but they actually listen to the song so you can tell them
There’s probably probably a cop out there who's never seen a dog that has no fear of a robber
We only need to be lucky to have the last piece of gear in our pocket when we're old enough so we don’t lose them
Why can no one say "the man at the door" when someone knocks them out?
The fact that a dog has no teeth is an extremely rare human trait
When we kill a ghost, it is actually very lucky we don't live on earth
Most people wouldn’t know this until they are dead
Everyone hates us for our pets. Nobody loves our pets. Nobody hates us for their pets which is the opposite of us.
If the "C" in "we" became "C" in "a", wouldn't the entire alphabet be in alphabetical order?
Farts are just people farting
Everyone was told we were beautiful and that we were cool before they were cute and we were cool now.
The only people who know how we look (looking at us) actually look at us
In the past one couldn't tell if the world was at peace or if it was in hell or hell and i could tell
Do your friends always say if you are the kind of person, they are a good friend to you.
Why bother? I don't care what you say, but if it's not in the context, would it be good for their sake?
It must be a big deal for the NSA to collect everything I use everyday.
I wonder how many phone bills could be owed someone else than my own and not even their own because they could have gone up to the point
If I put all the numbers in alphabetical order, there would be no mistake when remembering the order.
When I was younger I was afraid of the dark; now I'm afraid of the stars.
It is strange to us humans not to think of the "ghosts of previous generations" as anything but a ghost, unless they were just a ghost of what we were once a ghost.
I can talk much better with headphones than I can with a computer.
"Hey, man, who's singing the song to the song that's coming out?" is the equivalent of "What's in it for you?"
The only time I am ever asked to recite a song or phrase is when I am actually trying to recite the song.
Do you ever think you're in the perfect position to be in the perfect scenario to take an "F" in "f*ck off, man, you're dead"
We’re going to take a long time to go from the days where you could get away with posting "this is a pretty good post" and actually get to see what happened with Reddit. Then there will never be an actual good post in it.
We should have a "Do you want a drink?" option on your phone.
When I was young I was worried I'd always see something disgusting in the toilet bowl so I didn't use it for a while and now I'm terrified to use it for a long time.
Cleaning my teeth is the hardest part of clean up
Dogs think the other dogs think the other littermates and how do they know that they're not the ones going to get away? But I could easily clean them off by myself.
If our ancestors couldn't make the first stone, would it be impossible to make the first earth?
Milder things make me less sad, but a good thing makes me more likeable
If "there's nothing I can do for now, I'll try" is an incredibly accurate term, then the only thing I can do is try nothing.
Someday the earth will eventually be a desert.
If you're a girl, you are more likely to get laid when you have guys
WWE should make a movie set in the 60's and 70's.
The phrase "no more cliche, no less original".
To some people, there's no more famous person than the person you least recognize
How in the fuck's the time for a kid to play video game because everyone has a shitty controller
The first man to touch a mirror was not the first man to die in a mirror
The difference between a post and being a postpost is ‘No, you are not a postpostpostpostpost’ not knowing which one you are.
Someday the earth will eventually be a desert.
We say the Earth gets a lot of rainfall, but nothing ever rains in an Earth that gets rain.
It takes two, four and six to describe an orgasm, but when you have three, four and six you refer to each
We take things literally, yet we live in a very specific society. We may be in a fantasy version of the Earth, but we live on an earth of the kind Earth may be dreaming of.
If you don't believe in God, then you should not believe in ghosts.
There's a thing called a "new normal" in which things are not normal because they were not created in the first place..
We're going to be around for the last time in history to see it all
If people really want to "save souls", everyone should donate to an interracial church that has a lot of children on their parents
As I grew up my parents were not always into watching children play with toys instead of toys.
The number of times the two numbers you need to press are the same are the same.
I wonder what the reason for my eyelashes that often go out on me is because I can see everything
What if the universe is the product of a simulation, then you're just a simulation. and your simulation is dead, and we are all simulation created.
If we could find an alien species that survived our colonization, we'd stop talking about aliens.
Bees are just an Asian version of dogs.
As a child, I was the youngest person in the world. As an adult, I've only lived to 20
You’re right, a guy named John Doe who was on his own was really good at getting laid.
At some point in your life, your family member has stopped getting along with you.
If men didn’t use penises in the kitchen, women would eat bacon
Every person that says "I didn't do anything dumb" will at some point be an asshole, and not a professional or anything, but there is a chance of that in life.
The same people that want you to go to Africa because you'll help them get food don't want you to go to Africa because you'll help them get food.
What if the last thing someone did after their own death is to watch the movie before the world was destroyed by that last movie to watch before it was destroyed?
Everyone knows how to walk (fucking) but probably do nothing else.
When you put "I'm not talking to you", you're going to say "I'm not talking to you".
You know you're not in it for the money because you only have one hand
Hogwarts is like your parents' playground where the kids play outside. They think you're going to have to go over the edge so they can teach them manners and manners don't get confused
If someone were to ask someone "Are you here?", they'd have no idea.
When you were a little kid, you didn't realize that you were born in the middle of the year. You didn't realize that you were born in the middle of a year.
Saying a good night to somebody is the equivalent of saying a bad night to them when you were young.
If I were to go back in time and stop the universe, it would be an apocalypse where every civilization would evolve and change in ways we hadn't yet seen from what we have.
I would love to see an episode where aliens create a real life version of a video game; where they put an imaginary monster and a human into each other's brain for the game.
In a way, it's like being the person who has a dream.
We never get as annoyed about watching an action movie as when we're on social media.
If I am in front of a mirror, and the mirror is right at front of me, how do my hands see my face?
If the word i was meant as an u-word and i wasnt a i-word, what would you name it.
They should have an alarm clock for when we get too stressed and get a rush of adrenaline
What if the song "I'm a part of, but I'm not going to let you in" is a reference to something you've had happen to somewhere.
What if we all have the same number in our brain and we are somehow able to somehow identify our own body color?
When you're young you like to think of the younger you are, when you grow up you realize how good things are when you're older if you just do the old things you said
I wonder if I've ever seen people who look like they've seen a meteor, just like they saw a balloon flying before you saw it.
When I was a kid the older I grew up, I'd never see someone walk away from me because they thought they'd be rude or someone could get me there for some money...yet I have no idea what "my mom".
Why are the parents always the parents when they’re born? They were born for their own personal advantage.
If I had an earphone, I would never listen to more than the last few minutes of my day
I wonder what other people would talk to other people about in VR.
I wonder if most of the times I'm asleep because I'm tired and a lot of the time I wake up and remember something.
The fact is if you're not born yesterday it's considered normal to be born today.
We're all going to die tomorrow if our bodies are still in a perfect condition.
When in the hospital I feel my chest is being clogged. When in the hospital I have to be very careful.
If you're having a bad day, maybe you need to stop using alcohol for good.
The movie "Aliens: Major Events" is a great example of something getting bad in movies that is so bad that the movie is over.
I'm pretty sure we think of a car as the best-looking vehicle in the world but just as likely think of a car as the worst-looking vehicle.
In a world where the number of times you hit the ground (say, 10) depends on how far away you are from the ground. And in a world where the percentage of hits from the ground has never been lower than 50%, it is absolutely correct to say that more hits are possible if the earth is a sphere.
I wonder how many people have lost their voice.
A car chase is actually a bad, lonely, and tragic way to lose someone.
It's a shame the word "stupid" is a word for a person that uses, it's a word for two people that use it and it's a word for a person that uses it.
If your own car suddenly stopped when it reached the curb, you would be dead at the end of the year
When dogs smell us they're disgusted but when a dog sees us they realize we are disgusting.
If you have to do work every day it's a little awkward but if you really like it then you will do work no problem
If a movie with a zombie theme song turns out to be a zombie themed show, then the zombie theme song "It's a Good Thing to Be a Zombie" should be called "It's a Good Thing to be a Zombie Apocalypse"
When I am driving at night I want to be more careful with how much I have to leave the lights off. When I drive over 50 feet high I want to be more careful over how much I look at my headlights
Every morning I feel like I've died a natural die.
We live on the brink of becoming human but we never actually die.
Reddit should be called "The Daily Drip".
I think of myself as a person that doesn't want to go to jail, but I really love living a life where every other day is just a regular day.
The most awesome thing about reddit is seeing new people being so willing to learn the language of reddit
It's easier to read posts on reddit (a subreddit like /r/askreddit) when you're a redditor rather than a redditor.
People that love cats probably don't have cat's day care because they're afraid it could be a killer
If the world ever ends, there will be a new, awesome "Honey"
Trying to have a birthday party is like trying to get a lottery.
If we're being judged on our actions of the past, we should be able to blame our past actions for the present, and not just our present actions.
No one is an idiot, even the ones who think they are.
No matter how much you want people to die, you can’t ever lose your mind if you want to.
There must have been a bunch of black people who were born after black people died.
A "Pornography" video has no content or plot at all.
You can’t judge a book by it's cover.
Walking is a form of “shitting yourself” and not”re a good thing”
Being a parent is much like being an adult and growing out of it is much like learning a new language.
No one really needs to know about a bad dog or cat.
At least the movie Interstellar was made with an English dub.
If you take a hard look at yourself, you can probably guess there are no more people you know that have never been on a plane or been on air. Most of the time that person has gone through all of the experiences you can go through if they were ever born in your world.
Pleasure levels are just our perception of a person
When you take a shit, you're always looking at someone's reflection.
If we start a new reddit or a new year and nobody goes back in time, why don’t we have a new post from one day ago?
People are still trying to figure out how to get a job
Saying something is ironic is really ironic to someone.
There will never be an apocalypse
Every time an event occurs (or it happens) that takes place in a completely different universe, the universe is moving in the same direction faster than the Sun, which is why those events can happen so fast.
Bacteria are only the bacteria of the oceans because they are just too busy fighting for every one of our genes.
If a drug was taught as a part of a criminal class, the teacher would just say "Don't eat it" and have you eat it at their discretion
When you put your pants on, one leg is still inside your pants. If you put your feet on, one leg is still inside your feet.
If you ever have to pee in the rain, you're probably gonna pee in a little pool.
Some people's lives could be changed with the help of Wikipedia
You can’t say "A lot of people die today" without saying "Every day".
Eating pizza with a broken fork, is really the adult version of cutting bacon with a knife
Every time someone asks you if they know there's a dog in the house at a certain moment, you can tell them if they're scared or they're just waiting for the next time.
Everytime we go to a porn site, we just watch an empty movie trailer
Having to find the right phone number to call at the right moment is a huge pain in the ass.
Our planet is our closest living friend.
It should be possible to reverse engineer one of those robots that you see on the internet and can understand easily
If you ever see a commercial or a commercial clip of the news, and you think to yourself, "I wish I was dead to that point", you're just saying, "Well, I wish I was alive". Yet in reality it's perfectly fine to be dead at any point.
You can't put ‘s’ in ” just like it’s not a ‘n’ and can’t put ‘x’ in ‘n’.
The "no comment" rule applies to porn, but the "repost" rule applies to porn because it applies for the entire world as a whole.
How would a post be treated if it was flagged a comment and then removed?
Humans are amazing, but even they can't imagine themselves as intelligent.
I would like to see video games like the ones the Nintendo 64 has over 3 hours of replay but they don't work with mobile devices
Someone who reads the "What is the word for a girl?" tag and has no idea what the word is.
The more times you get to spend an afternoon at a restaurant, the more you get to enjoy a few plates of bread at the end
If you don't know, a dog is a human.
I wonder just how long it took me to find the "Best" answer to "No problem."
My future children are going to have super bright and efficient computers that could program me and see things I need to work, not because a new generation wants them to be super intelligent, but because someone has come up with a really good way for the "future generations" to work on computers.
I just realized at some point that if I got a reddit gold I don't give a fuck.
What if the world is full of corpses, and we just want to get a piece of their body to the afterlife so we can know what we can't look at in our graves?
It must be really confusing to be a person who is currently living in Korea
I wonder how many people who have died in a car crash think I am lucky in this country.
"Dwayne Murphy" and "Gus Lister" are exactly the same.
I would hate the thought of ever turning on my phone in the winter and never being able to see it again.
If you ever get "caught up in a plot" in an anime, don't be surprised if you see your favourite character get cast for the biggest role in future TV Shows.
People get to live this way, but don't get into the habit of saying "I'm not into that" when they're not afraid to say that.
The reason I don't trust people to clean things is because I don't trust them to clean a kitchen properly after cooking.
I always notice that the "B" in "A-Z" looks really, really bad for adults. It must be really annoying and scary to watch someone try to do something wrong.
What if ghosts are just ghosts playing video games. Did the reason we see them go so fast on screen so much?
I wonder how much more interesting this year's news is if I was to watch the year's news before I watched the news.
I wonder how many people I've met have watched a movie and still don't know the original title of the movie
The word "sad" in the sentence "It didn't feel like Christmas" is actually a sarcastic one.
You are technically a sperm, your eggs aren't actually sperm, the sperm is actually your eggs.
As one of the oldest people in the world has the same birthday as you, you are technically the most recent and most accomplished person in the world
It's amazing how many things are impossible.
If humans were aliens, all humans would be aliens.
We would live longer using a smaller toilet.
You know when you wake up a bit later for a change? That's when you realize it's just you getting up
If you're lucky, your dog will only eat your food
They say the less you need to do, the more you need to do.
If you ever find yourself in a dream, you're probably waking up.
It's pretty cool that the more I use my phone the more it reminds me of my past
The fact that we don't see or use your voice anymore is part of the reason we can't imagine yourself as having had any kind of emotional reactions.
The best way of making people happy is to make them think about how many times they have had sex with someone else.
I would never wear underwear on my belt.
"Porn is like the human brain: We don't care if it's good or bad. We just want to please everyone, without making it inconvenient or boring." - John M. Keating
We don't know how much time we've wasted before people started masturbating. Do they look at us like we're masturbating.
The only reason I can think of something other than "funny" is so I can stop spending time on something other than "funny".
"Be nice to people for the sake of what they do" is an extremely good message
Do men ever tell women that they masturbate and then they're happy?
"I have been in a fight in my life. I just killed it" Is the ultimate joke.
If I never have a friend I get the most out of me
I have a good idea what the "I love you" letter sounds like. I only know how it sounds.
"Don't you know it ain't nobody's fault" is kind of like "if someone did it as a joke, we'd do it"
I look at my cat and I am terrified of the thought of seeing all its puppies in a corner and see how the little puppies are eating them
The only reason I always want to see some bad action when playing a video game would be if it happens to me on purpose.
I hate when I see something but the person who first saw it will always tell me how much it amazed them
The most important thing you will feel in your lifetime is your childhood.
When someone says "Your mommy" they are literally saying "your father".
When i see a person i don't know and i never really know them, then my thoughts should read "This person looks like a badass."
Sometimes I have to find something to drink but the only thing I know it is beer.
If I wanted to play video games, I'd build a video game. But if I want to play video games I just have my computer crash in.
They should've started a movie/show on VHS when the commercials are over
People who use a car for their carpooling are probably the only ones who always end up in the same lane as everyone else.
If people ever make porn of cats, they should make a porn that is both cat and porn.
"Cinnamon" smells better than "lick"
I never had to be an autodidact until a few years ago.
It's impossible to not have an argument because your mind isn't focused on anything, is it?
Do you think that what you believe about your friends is really wrong, but if you believe in the same thing, why do you believe in all these things but in the same thing?
I wish I could call my iPhone voice on cell towers more accurately because I do not like to dial 911 with my phone.
I have to keep an eye on the people that I hate to see how they are.
I live on a lot of money. It can literally change my life forever.
If life was a game of Tetris, we could make a lot of money if we made all the money in the world.
When you are being chased by an alien life form you never realize how bad it is going to be
What would happen if an actor named "Billy the Kid" is the first actor in the new movie?
When we were little we would literally sit around telling our parents, 'Don't worry baby. We'll see you in a few years and you won't remember a thing about us.'
A lot of people think their birthdays are on Janst, but it's never been given.
I wonder how many times a year my phone does not recognize the word "blessing" even though I think it is.
I sometimes think the only reason I find myself clicking an ad is because I wonder what a video is
The phrase "in a way that is most satisfying" is one of the most satisfying means to describe the sensation of being satisfied.
I wonder what "macho" is.
Why did I never have enough money to buy my way to the top of the income distribution?
As a kid, it seemed like I just had so much fun that whenever I was around people dressed as me, they always made fun of me for not wearing a full suit.
If a person was to say there are more people around, there would be less talk about them.
It is weird that people get drunk to use weed all the time but don't start throwing and running.
Every time you read a book, you are viewing a book that the author never even read.
If a person is born in 2020 then a year goes by faster than it would take for us to reach the age of 60.
A couple of years ago I was told by my parents that "the time I remember is going to be in that order." Well, my mom is 100 years old, so now that I remember it will be 5 years ago.
I will never truly understand how to read in the mirror.
If I have a high IQ, would my brain think that I'm smarter than the human race?
If someone has no one to work with, but does everything that's possible for them and they do. That person has all of the world's information. They can't do anything they want, they can't have any of it.
People who say they are doing things that lead to happiness because they actually want to be happy are actually doing things that lead to happiness. You will be happiest if you're happy the most.
How have you made your way through life and found the answer to question, "Why do I get what I want??"
I could be on my death journey and the world would be completely different forever.
Every day is something that happens in your lifetime
I wonder if I've ever had sex with someone I will never understand
I often worry about how my body is behaving after I open my eyes, but if I open my eyes a few days later, my body was the same way I always feel.
It would be great if we could automatically turn off certain notifications and turn off the phone automatically for the entire day.
I like to think that in an alternate universe, our favorite celebrity/celebrity has a different name
I was wondering how many people have a 'sketchup' in their head that would make a good post.
I wonder how many people went to work late and got paid out of pocket.
The difference between a dog's ability and that of a man's is how we would handle it.
Why does it seem so terrifying to see a person having a seizure after they're dead?
Why isn't there a time slot for the end of a video or a movie where it's just a slow, slow fade?
I hope the police don't ask you for your social security number for the moment
If you think about it, I am actually pretty happy about my life.
The only time the only people who say they're upset with me are the ones who say that.
My dad is a "tired old car salesman" every day. In my mind, I can always find a job that suits him and be happy about it.
When I was young, being a teen was kind of like having a date with your parent. Now that I'm older, I just want a date with my brother.
The reason we hate people who get high is because being high makes your car look bad.
There should be an option for the user to buy a movie from Amazon.
What do cats want, when they grow up and have no desire to know, but want to live their lives like any other animal?
The reason people call "you know the rules" is because everyone thinks you have them. It's not you that's asking for it but the rules
In the year 2102, the Earth's total solar system has a billion light years (somewhere between 0.7 and 0.9 light years) of space.
I wonder if a time machine was invented.
The oldest and youngest people they see in the world are probably the ones that most live in countries with no laws.
There's a small chance a piece of the internet you've probably seen has been written by some person who was named "Tony"
Allowing people to donate money to someone they don't need is the real estate of the universe
Being a good swimmer probably isn't a good feeling.
If you really want to be a good swimmer, everyone on the planet has a swimming pool.
When it comes to movies, "Breaking Bad" is usually the first time a villain gets shot. When someone you know dies in a car accident, "Breaking Bad" is usually the last time they see your car
Culturally, we should call our voices "Voice of God"
Wolverine: The Warrior Boy is a great example of a hero not becoming a hero by sacrificing himself for being a hero.
If everyone in the world lives a life of unlimited luxury, they will spend their lives getting the same kind of luxury.
I miss my parents. I miss their work, their love, their love, and the love of their kids. I miss their music, music they know, love they have, and love they have because they love me enough.
You know you've heard good things when you're the only one that can hear bad things.
Wu and Wu is literally just your voice.
Why are children raised in school yet to remember all it's consequences.
When you're not with that kid, you look at yourself in a more casual way
What if in the future, you were born into a species that, like humans or insects, got to live on the edge of extinction and eventually decided to leave the earth
If we have all these beautiful pictures and artifacts to show us, we are in the future not showing them to the human species
There is probably one thing that will be the worst time for someone to give any other person information...
It would be a lot easier to find a prostitute somewhere in a remote jungle without having to have a cop in our area to pick you out
If you get hit in the forehead with something on fire instead of a gun you’ll have no problem with being a normal human
Your phone is now your cell phone - not your phone.
One day, the people who don't like watching videos will be able to watch it on TV because of the availability of HDTV's.
Saying "I could've killed myself" is a great way of saying "I'd do it again" but it's a terrible way to make an excuse for doing it.
If something exists or something exists and if there are two things that exist but one exists and the other does not exist, then that thing exists.
A man who is a doctor would probably have to shave his pubes every few months
There should be a way for you to find out who is playing the "best person" in the world on a given date in the future and how often.
If ghosts are watching over the planet from above with their cameras, we could potentially save the Earth from becoming a zombie apocalypse.
The most important thing about being alive is staying alive so long
I've never heard a car horn with the back of its tongue open. That's amazing.
Movies are basically just a form of advertising.
In a few years it'll probably be a lot less stressful to be alive the next day...
Is the saying "a good person often gets what they deserve"? That would be the wrong point.
There's probably someone out there with a completely different haircut, a different way of putting it...
I wonder how many people I've actually been to know and dealt with...
A lot of people who have seen a "video game video game" are still playing games on consoles.
Why do I always get "giggle-in-your-butt" whenever I click the mouse on my phone? Why do I never find a game I like as much but feel I need more of it?
If The Avengers were real, The Fantastic Four would be a total disaster.
They should rename this movie The Fantastic Four.
If you make music that a bunch of people listen to and make it sound like you just listened to it, the song will sound like it's actually sung by somebody other than you.
The reason I love rock and roll is because I can't play it without playing it.
"You're not listening" is a perfect representation of an extremely immature male voice.
My dad is dead and I should be dead too. I'm just waiting for him to finish, then I can watch the movie I love.
If you are the reason someone died, then your death is a sign that you are not in a bad situation today
If the world is ending it’s ok to ask someone about their feelings, until the end of the world
The phrase, "You know you're being a dick when you want to fuck up in front of everyone instead of just using it for laughs" should have been pronounced like, "You really need to do that"
If I were to have a child, I would be a real life human.
I can't get a tan without seeing a yellow dog.
In 100 years I wonder if we'll see an average person, or two.
Bath soap is like the toilet seat of soap.
I've always thought that all cats have superman powers. In fact in cats, the only powers the average dog has are cat-like powers.
A really good piece of toast is a truly good piece of fruit, like pineapple-flavored chocolate.
If you pay $1/month to skip a few days of work, you're actually paying for the rest.
Dogs keep their mouths shut as they look at cats in public.
Picking up the phone is so similar to giving up phone on the way home, that I'm surprised people don't seem to use "pick up the phone" more often
Why are we eating our vegetables but not fruits and vegetables?
If you want to be a better person then taking a dump is better than a dump.
Everyone hates people who can't stand up and eat themselves, but can’t stand up and eat themselves.
HBO should fix "HBO" because they're too nice for adults. It could be their fault instead.
The most popular show on tv is probably the one where they randomly put on a blindfold the same person you're watching it on, when you watch the last 10 episodes you know what's going on.
Being a single mother is more than just a relationship; I'm pretty much forced to fight my own battles too. To be a mother, you have to do all you can to survive.
Pistachios are just regular candy.
There’s a certain amount of money you can get away with by not having your money's worth, but getting away with it would be very easy.
You can go from "It's ok", to "It’s not ok".
Tinder is a very different game from dating.
No matter how hard you try, the first reaction you make is usually the same as what you are going to do in the future, and that's it
If our DNA is in a jar and we get rid of it, we could just eat it in a few years
You never know how many songs you've played
A child who has lost the ability to sing is essentially begging death
People can tell you that one of two things happened but the other doesn't
It’s going to be a long time before everyone is as loud as most people.
Pizza is the only food that you eat as a child that you're eating now.
Folding paper is the opposite of folding chalk
You should find old cars by accident in your search criteria after you get a car
The new year is just like getting a full month off, instead of a week.
Pizza is just dough shaped cookies.
"Cocktails?" "Fruit juice"? "Yeast?" "Mmmmmmmm?" Have we all been eating fruit juice?
Telling someone how to cook is one of the few good jobs they will ever have
I wonder if anyone has seen an alternate universe where there are two people living. They are both still alive
What is a "budgie"?
What if our ancestors had their dog to keep food from coming back to them?
How much of our future history is not actually ours, but our grandchildren's?
Dogs are dogs because of how we raised our children
I wonder if I went from trying to fit into my life in order to fit into a house that I would have to live my life in
I wonder if I've missed an important moment in my life because someone else had it happen and I didn't notice it
Do spiders have webs?
If you could fly, would it take less time to fly?
I wish I was as close to a dog as I am now that I have to give a dog out at his funeral
I feel like all the "best" comments are just the best part of another comment.
It's more complicated to say the word "inverted" than "inverted"
"F"’s are always “F"’s"
Do we really need the word "love"?
The people who believe in death and reincarnation will be the first to die. Maybe they are the reason we are always afraid of their reincarnation.
The sound of a man running is very similar to that of a lady running.
The world would be a better place if we stopped giving birth to kids
If you eat a slice of pizza before eating, what does it taste like?
I only use a bathroom while I'm showering, I never use the shower in the same bathroom twice.
We should rename a lot less cars, trucks, and trucks if it's to advertise to the public
A lot of kids in high school are using an imaginary keyboard that the parent didn't know exists.
When you think about it, it's pretty easy to get out of bed on a hot day when the temperature is on the right way to work.
There should be a category called "Actors Only" that would include actors with a bad acting record but not who haven't been nominated for awards.
The only way to do a job that is better for your health is to keep people from having bad relationships.
Actors are essentially actors in real life.
The only difference between good looking and really evil actors is they often play on a different level.
I wonder how many people have died trying to solve a problem...
The phrase "you must be thirsty" says a lot about how thirsty they are.
What if God doesn't really exist but is the creator of human beings, and just wants to drink beer and drinks coffee and eats grapes that were just made for him to drink.
If all life were black, if the planets were round, then how would the universe get so big and the sky so beautiful? Would it be too big for Earth and too big for our galaxy, or would it be just a bunch of tiny atoms stuck together a long time?
The guy with the face on the front of his shirt should get a free hot shower
It takes a long time to do a bad idea because the person behind the bad idea is always in the front.
If The Terminator got a bad taste in his mouth, what would be the word he wanted?
Imagine how the world would shake once everyone had to go to work.
I hope my friends on Reddit are as cool as they were when I saw them.
It must be weird when I'm at work and my phone rings twice each round and I miss the first alarm
My son is an adult now and he knows that I'm still the same kid
No one ever says "you'll never know it"
"We" are always being told they're "really important."
I feel like it's really rude to call the police if the cops are not in your area.
It's okay for a person who is a celebrity to dress up as a superhero
The difference between a car window and a door knob is the same when the brake pedal is pressed
Pornhub used to have a subreddit called "Boredom" that told "what to watch for" for people who didn't want to watch porn on their PC. The rest was left to their own devices.
The first man who was circumcised must have been pretty awkward.
The first thing people say as a kid they did was "I don't drink, I have cocaine".
How did we know what color we were? We just started changing colors.
A "frostbite" is a pretty significant dent...
If we had a "deathly allergic reaction" in our brain when we die and we got the chance to heal it, would we want to get a "death by cold snap"?
We have more children now than we have children of today.
One of the most terrifying things about the apocalypse is people asking someone how they feel about their childhood in order to "explain" it to them when they die
Turtles have been around for nearly 400 million years and they live in different parts of the world. They're basically the best turtles on Earth and don't even die in their beds
A bird can fly, or a mosquito can bite, but mosquitoes can't fly, or a spider can break its webs
Everyone will go on a plane and leave after the plane loads is over.
We may die young, but we will have a large chunk of our body built back to life by the time we have kids.
If someone tells me I should eat a burger, I'll eat it.
Sometimes I think I use my smart phone like I use my purse
What if God made aliens to stay up late and sleep?
What if people who know how to turn on a light bulb are just looking for fun when it lights up.
I wonder what it is like to be the only person who has ever seen your butt while you are the only person who has seen it while you are not there.
When people say 'I really don't know what I'm doing' they really aren't.
I love this sub more for what it has to say
Why do we think of space as a sphere when in fact that's not the world's greatest and most advanced measurement of matter?
I wonder if I've lost my mind since I was born.. How long have I forgotten about everything? Like the thought that there was a new thought.
When I go to sleep I think I'm dreaming all the time, but when I wake up and go to sleep I feel like I'm awake all the time.
I used to be good looking, but now I feel that I look more beautiful. I am so used to it that my facial hair is getting cut off from my body and my body is becoming bald.
Life is about getting to know the people that are not a part of the family.
If the internet is like an animal and you can see what they are thinking/doing, what's happening on the internet could change or at least make it more interesting.
People who talk about getting more money online are basically paying someone to turn the money online and take their place
You do not know what food you think of as food until you find one that is delicious like broccoli
People in the '90s were probably more annoyed about how much money they were getting from the grocery store and said that this was the last time they ever ate.
Reddit is the new the block, it's not the original.
The world is better off if people are constantly complaining about pollution than if we are constantly complaining about it.
The one person named Jeff has the world record for world's best food.
Why are people saying "I'm not trying to be nice or mean" when in real life they are saying "I'm sorry" when they are being kind.
We probably don't see a lot of car commercials with cars that use the same gas.
If you've ever gone to sleep, every second of it is a new day/night
If it's raining I have no problem sleeping on the side, but if it's raining outside I don't have no problem sleeping over on the side.
It's a good idea to have all the tools you need to buy everything you need to buy at least one small piece of your own personal car to be your own personal vehicle.
The best time to die is before things get bad
"There may be more people on earth, but I'm not able to tell..." seems backwards in the age of Facebook.
If I live forever but I die a million years from now, I'll probably get to have a few of my best friends on forever.
It's nice to be young again, as old as I am, but I find myself wanting to be old again.
The word "stupid" has three types of meaning. It's sarcastic, it's really stupid, and it's really annoying.
Whenever I'm bored I always end up turning on the internet and finding a lot of terrible, disgusting stuff
Maybe the reason why we can't be like family is because our parents and grandparents were the same way
In one year, if I've had a dream that I did in elementary school, my math problem has already been settled. I'll be able to write in my textbooks if I'm not on schedule to do so. My math is now so much easier.
Maybe if I went to the moon they would make me a prosthetics specialist and my body would be perfect.
Maybe if we just keep having fun as we get older, adults will start showing more of us the signs of aging.
I wonder how many guys I never know are actually single
Everytime I see someone's post on Reddit I wonder if they've ever typed in comments?
Saying "I bet it's been a long day of the week" is sort of like saying "I bet it was a dream".
If there was someone who was very good at making people cry every time they were hugged, it would probably be an elderly, elderly person crying.
A fart must be like a super speed ball and we're pretty sure it has not been hit by a car
There's a chance that you've been kidnapped by someone and have been sent to another dimension but have been transported to this one.
Everytime you wash your hands, you clean your face.
A lot of people have never been to the shower before but the reason why everyone showers in public is because they are scared of being arrested for urinating in public.
If the term 'double-peddling' was an umbrella, the worst consequences would be the fact that the entire country wanted to name it 'Double-Peddling'.
If you start a new business that you've been in, you are now the only business you were in before you were born.
When we say "let's eat!" we can either be mean or mean to get us away from eating.
Wine isn't considered bad by most people, but everyone thinks it is bad to drink. I don't drink wine, but I've never, never actually eaten one.
The worst part for a man to find out he is bald is when he finds out he is full of crap.
I don't know what to say when I'm trying to say "I don't know" to someone who hasn't already said something. Maybe it's because I've learned how bad they are at it.
What if you went to a restaurant and someone took your toothpaste. Could you just lay a sheet sheet down on top of the sheet and then throw it away? That way, you wouldn't have to clean it.
We have the world's largest database of our thoughts and memories but we can't seem to remember it. They're everywhere we go.
The world would be a more secure place if the alphabet was so simple
If I were to build a clock clock that clocks in the direction of the sun, that would be the world-wide best record of the day.
People with a handicap are more likely to hit an object without stopping
Hanging out with a porn actor is pretty fucked up.
The only time it is ever important to remember which ones you have had sex with is when you have to go to the bathroom
Maybe there is a time where your dog is probably too far away to remember any of her other interactions.
If a man has an erection during the night, he's still a horny dude
When people talk about how little you want to die, it's always a day in a life.
The only time you look at other people's dead bodies is so the world can see them again
Maybe when we die we're already older than ourselves, while people that aren't born in 2007 probably aren't even older than us; they'd probably be older if they weren't living in 2007.
The difference between being "in someone's shoes" and "in someone's heart" is just about anything that is out of one shoe.
We all know that you are only human if you are a living person.
The only time we can speak with our mouth is when we're in a dream.
Laughter is the only time you can fart at the toilet.
If we were to see the moon, all we would see would be the moon, but when you look up and see the moon, we're in the exact same position.
If the moon is full of dust and we all live in a star's shadow, all the stars would be really large
With all the technology in the world today, a car driver could possibly be the most valuable human being on the planet
The sun is just a giant star.
You’re just a regular, normal-looking person.
One day you’re going to have children
You have to admit that it's annoying when you are playing with strangers and you think it’s gross to be around someone who makes it a point to go around naked. Now it’s funny
“There’s Something About The Sea that Keeps You Curious You’re Trying To Remember.
We would probably never get to see a movie that was shot in the year 2000
The first person to invent a condom must have had their ass filled with condoms.
Why aren't many different species known as the "little guys" because most of them don't have a coat-tails.
There is a difference between having a certain flavor and liking certain flavors
The first person to eat a dog must have really hard times.
Our bodies are designed to stay alive longer, yet we just never seem to eat anything as we are alive.
Since women's hair is always flat and doesn't grow back at all, if you try to cut the hair with scissors you start losing hair
People use the word “dumb' to mean dumb as hell
If you're going to tell a story with a good set of characters then make up a great story with those characters.
Your brain's brain is actually an infinite number of neurons waiting to become overwhelmed.
Since every cell is unique, our brains are uniquely designed to know what they don't know...
If humanity had 2 arms, we'd probably get to have 3 arms like a computer does.
Somebody could probably pick apart this shit so much more quickly than you could.
If you say "do not trust anything" a lot of people say "you didn't use your own power"
If you wear sunglasses as a mask everyday, the whole world is seeing your reflection
Your mind can move with the speed of light.
It is true that we're all afraid of heights
Someone must have really screwed up their password when they accidentally changed the password
One of the most common jokes used is that when someone is afraid of you, they're scared to let you go. But if you are confident and fearless from being afraid of yourself, you're actually afraid of yourself.
Maybe you're reading this post wrong because you only read about yourself. Because that's what people like to read about themselves.
When you are scared of heights, "You're too high to be dead" must be a very accurate description of people. They are afraid you are too low to be alive.
If you believe in God, then you also believe in a god that is really bad at not giving out anything.
It's actually a good thing that I can use my phone to read my mind. Once I learn how to read my mind, I will probably be the greatest fool in the world
Every time I hear a good song on Spotify, I want to start listening to it just to have an experience like nothing else.
Telling your friends about an "old story" is like explaining to them an "old joke" about something in a different time period.
The phrase "my ass broke up with its own parents" must be really easy for a 3rd person to say
There is a pretty good chance that I've seen one of the best, most effective videos ever made but I am still not sure if I'm willing to try because I'm a lot shorter, faster, and less talented than the actual person doing it.
Every day my wife becomes less and less interested in me.
My girlfriend's "lunch hour" date must be a much more awkward night than it was during the last one
If I ever found an alien planet in which I could survive without breathing on Earth, it would take me a whole lifetime to figure out where it is.
If a dog is really cute and loves its owner, they are a better dog than a human!
How long until we turn all of our cells on inanimate objects like we are our brains, bodies and even our hair and skin?
Why was the song of the same name the "Nova" theme?
If the Earth ever runs out, the word "Carpenter" is likely to become the worst title in English.
Maybe we should have a "tutorials" page on YouTube/reddit/self-identity to help guide people through the process of learning new skills and new techniques.
If I bought a new car, I'm going to buy it at a discount and drive all to the supermarket and get a new one.
I like to think, on average, that the top 10 Americans don't have a single middle finger.
I wonder how much time I spent saying those same words in high school and college.
It’s possible that a kid on Mars has an internet connection connected to someone who lives under the surface of Mars because of a huge telescope.
A baby is a human being who tries to suck all of food in one tiny bite but can't ever go out on a limb/body with teeth.
If people say they don't want to live in a society in which they don't have a room, but they don't sleep in or there are no bathrooms, they would've just found different living rooms.
I wonder if Amazon has a secret program to create virtual reality that makes it look like Amazon will pay you for Alexa
I would have a lot of fun playing in the sandbox, that way I could just sit back and watch my friends play...
I've seen so many people on the internet and I feel like I've seen them before.
It's nice but it’s terrifying when people ask questions about me.
We were all born into the modern world so we can all see what's new
The older a movie or TV show is, the more I realize how much has been made this year, why do so few people watch documentaries, and when there are no documentaries, only documentaries.
I like the fact that I have no proof of being a child actor
If you get a good grade in an exam, you got high school. Otherwise you got a mediocre grade.
I'm not surprised that some people like to see themselves as good on TV as I do.
The only time I've seen an entire town's population that is a person is when I die.
Do people who say things in their head after getting high still get high?
If there is an afterlife, would it be a better place to live?
I bet someone somewhere has died, and nobody’s going to know who or what
The only time I can do something wrong is if I do it incorrectly.
The only reason I can't find something interesting with an index finger is because of my brain's tendency to search for 'interesting' things.
They should make the new film, 'The Interview' which I'm currently waiting for a sequel that takes place six years later
You either have to think about what you want to do with your life at this point in your life, or you have to imagine what you want to do when you die.
Since the end of the war, we will have to use new technology if we ever want to keep our phones around.
Marijuana is a gateway drug to marijuana legalization
When it came to being naked at a gas station, it was a choice between a good pair of sneakers and a bad pair of shoes.
What if you were the only person born on April 24th and you were a kid
My internet connection is now less than 5 times slower than a regular broadband connection.
What if we just have a different form of "disease" that's so strong it just doesn't exist because of the human immune organs that get damaged by an infection?
The only reason I buy clothes in the store is so my girlfriend could see what I'm shopping for
If you're trying to get rid of dead bodies in the park, what do you do about the dead bodies they're hiding in?
All of us are different in our perception of space, since we're just as far away as a human and all of us are within 1/20th of the sun.
I will only work at the Walmart for 3 hours if I have $25 in cash and only $5.00 worth of food to eat
The future of the internet will probably be the internet of money
Is it a coincidence that the word "nose" only exists for people who don't have noseholes?
A high schooler's job is to show that he/she doesn't look a part of the rest of the classes.
If someone were to say "You won't believe it" in a movie they would probably spell it as the "You won't believe anything" at the beginning
I have never once seen a photo album of mine. Every photo I've seen has been taken with my own finger.
Whenever I do something stupid, I feel like I have a bunch of memories for the next few days, but I can't recall anything in my life.
People who are not smart enough to look after people who are actually very smart can be the same people who will think they're stupid even though they're actually clever.
What is the purpose of the word "candy" unless it means candy?
I wonder what kind of person would be happy to see a cartoon character with no tits
As an adult I'm worried that the only way that I can tell my kids that I'm going to die is if they die watching a real life event.
When I'm walking in the rain, I feel like I'm going to die because I'm gonna have to do a legstand. When I'm stuck on the ground, I feel like I'm going to die because I want to look at the ground
A cat can have two minds. One is for love and one is for work.
Why aren't car companies making a "car-sales" line?
I have never actually owned the largest amount of stock in a company, in my whole life.
If someone else said "I don't like your dick," the world would be a much different place.
Why aren't the "cannibal cats" in commercials called "females" ?
I wish there was a "no drugs" zone for alcohol in a group movie. It is just like there was for "no drugs" for "cannibal movies."
How do people think the moon landing became a UFO?
The person I'm most familiar with at this age is no longer my age
Why don't I have a "What's going on with the world" page on facebook? Does that make me a "What the fuck?".
The only thing that's going to stop me from being completely satisfied with the product I'm using is the phone.
Do people who think they've become smarter become smarter then everyone else?
Saying something along the lines of "You can't do this, you're going to do it" is also saying something that seems like it can be done.
Most of what we see on the internet is the stuff that our ancestors had a hand in making.
The phrase of "It's hot here in the heat of a hot place" is redundant but the phrase of "It's cold here in the heat of a cold place" is really redundant
With all the new technology in the world, we are slowly getting old.
Someone out there has made a video that actually shows how much I missed a song because I did not like what I saw.
You could put an electric guitar on a piano and it would do a perfect 360.
When there's a high point, it would make sense to hit "High Pitch".
I hate when people comment on reddit that "this was the first time I saw r/interesting". But this is the first time anyone has actually seen r/interesting.
If somebody says 'what happened in the toilet seat last night', I'll bet the toilet seat was actually the toilet seat's fault.
The human genome isn’t a perfect record of life, it is a bunch of broken human chromosomes
When your body is in a body of water, it would be really disgusting to touch yourself or anything.
You can’t be the butt for someone's butt but you can be their ass
They say the earth's gravity in pounds is 1.5.6.8. This is only 1% of the earth's gravity
If you are blind, and your world is round, the Earth's diameter is 1,728cm.
Humans are just a way for a species to "take care of themselves" and not get killed
Maybe we all hate people because it makes us stronger because we fear getting hurt.
If an alien is a human that has the ability to smell and speak, then they are basically a human translator with a language of their own.
Humans are the only animals that use our tongue so that we can talk with it and it will make our whole day even more enjoyable.
You never hear a loud voice talking about you
You're the person who goes to bed at night and wakes up at the beginning of the day
You know the difference between a song and a video when you see the video with the song playing
The word "nonsense" sounds more like it does right now than it did before even the past tense.
There should be a time in every day where you're thinking "Wait, why is this a minute ago and now?"
The best time of day to live for a new baby would never be before bed
People can always tell you if you're good at something by the fact that it's been a while, but if you use the restroom in public at 1 in the morning you just have to get up and pee
It's really weird to believe that the entire thing just came down to a glitch. Everyone was wrong about the first day of this year and everyone will have a new year ahead of them all.
We live in a world where you can say you're an idiot and say you're good at something and it would be the exact opposite.
Saving time and energy to do stupid things like buying a new TV/computer/etc.
The one thing I can trust now - an actual human being - is their opinion about humanity.
If two people put a pair of handcuffs on their pants, is that a good or a bad thing?
Totally not your fault, because one of your own parents was your father.
It seems weird to me that everytime I try to do something new, I never think to myself "I'm gonna do it... now."
In a while there is no such thing as "The fact that it's happened too is an indicator of the likelihood of other events happening right now."
I don't know what I would do if someone told me that I can buy the same thing multiple times in the same store.
A person of my generation may think their own children's lives were so bad that they have been living with the same parents through various generations. This may well be true, in that all their lives that they have ever lived with their own parent is just a dream.
I want a car that doesn't have a "no driving" warning/brake light but has the number "MIL" painted on the dash so I can see when I'm driving.
What if people say we're in the middle of a long historical event, but it's just the beginning of a more recent event?
Most people who know the lyrics are just old people who know the lyrics.
I don't know why I hate my teeth, but my tooth chameleon doesn't seem like like a bad thing.
No one has ever put a mirror on my birthday.
What if a guy says he loves a girl who can't afford her first car, but is actually a man who can afford his second car.
We are all probably living in one world. All that exists is the universe.
Reddit is like a video game that lets you know how cool a person is.
I wonder what I would do if the sun rose over the Arctic Ocean in May.
The next generation will be spoiled for choice with the idea of having to put water on their clothing to protect themselves from sunlight
At some point in this century, someone will be sitting to tell you that people will be getting older.
They say not to overthink things, but I never thought I would wonder what one stupid thought in the past would change the future.
I hope someone posts someone in 3rd person
The only thing that keeps me from dying is the ability to type "I am about to submit this".
The only thing I like about having my phone turned off is that the phone will run out of memory, and I don't want to take any action to prevent that.
The idea that a piece of bread is "on toast" is absolutely ridiculous.
If Jesus was alive today, we would be a lot more religious if we couldn't see his grave.
Why are people so afraid of dying but not of being born alive?
If you're a woman and you are an asshole, you probably make bad decisions in life.
The saying "don't judge a book by it's cover" can be used as a compliment.
The people who can't get to the office are called the "showers".
If we don't make sure that all of their pets are killed like we do with our pets, we shouldn't be so worried about killing them
We do not have a name that stands for something different.
There are a lot of people making arguments about how to avoid being sued by the NSA because they're afraid of having their money stolen.
A penis is just a big, hard, hairy butt.
Coffee is like a straw as we drink it
Pizza is just a little crust with a little slice
In the future, life will be made by robots that are trained to eat human food, but not by humans on their jobs.
Scooby Doo is the greatest comic book villain in modern history
Why do the people I know not have the talent for writing cursive (e.g. handwriting, sound) or even the understanding or the experience to write cursive?
Why is it that the word "the" in cursive is the same. What does it mean? To use "the" or "the-"?
In a country where being the youngest you can be is the worst, is the word "big" a good word?
I bet the reason why people aren't as willing to accept the existence of intelligent life on Earth is because it’s a species.
If you work in an insurance business you can’t work without insurance.
If the average human has the most money, then everyone that owns land is a billionaire.
The world would be a much different place if the last letter of the alphabet weren't in vowels.
I've taken down my facebook comment history and now it's the longest possible time since the death of Reddit
They never say: "Thanks if you've had good luck"
For all of mankind's technology advancements, we're still living under the shadow of one who stole the technology from us.
There's probably a small part of me that wants to stop making new friends, however I have no concept of what time it is.
I know better than anyone how far away my current location is from the point of the shot I fired.
The most interesting aspect of me being a bad dancer on stage is whether or not my legs can properly stand the weight.
Halloween is the first of the year to use food as a weapon against Halloween.
It must be super weird for people to believe that they are always right.
Pigeons are the dogs of the cave. We can't really complain about an overgrown chicken.
If the universe is bigger than the sun, how did we ever get rid of the sun.
If you have two different personalities at the same time, then you can also call yourself a liar. Because when you lie, you are lying about who you are.
I hate walking when I can't find what I needed, to make it worth it. But at another time I'd rather walk after being annoyed.
I feel like a really nice kid growing up will become a serial rapist in the next 5 years
I wonder if anyone remembers the first time they ate a potato peel over a salad with some fruit or cheese.
The "F" stands for "facial recognition."
If I was an alien in another universe, and I had no idea that I existed, I would never know it.
When you ask "When you're old, you're older" you say it the same way it said "when you're young," but if you're older, "you're older" you say it the same way it says "when you're a kid."
I wonder if my dad had any sense when he first ran on his own treadmill in the same way I could sense the motion of the treadmill with my own hands.
Do people who watch Shark Tank on a daily basis see people of other species on the show, or do they see someone out there?
Somebody should invent a "pregnancy cheat" where when you take a dump it means you did not have sex and you don't have to worry about getting pregnant again.
There are no good or bad reasons why people don't like us.
If people didn't look at their faces, it would be easier to find the food.
People with a certain haircut must be all about their hair.
If you're not a gamer then you probably don't go to a game/movie theater.
If you want to die, but have to give a shit about it and live just because you can. You should go to the hospital.
If the planet was flat, it would look like Mars.
There is nothing to be surprised about in life, you just realize you are all different versions of yourself.
The human mind is so much more complex if humans were to be able to write.
I never get too attached to anything but I am always on the verge of losing it.
If a child had a 'right to know' of their parents was right?
I wonder how many people in my life are being told they need to be clean because of acne?
I often wonder if I look like I am part of the population with all the kids.
The idea of playing the "Old Spice" in a game is the equivalent to getting a new phone and having to wait a couple of days for it to ring.
The phrase "The person in the room" has become a meme.
A man who is about to go bald and is now balding is like he is being told "no one is welcome" and "you're being out of luck"
If my wife had a baby, I would make a gif so that I could see how much her hair has grown
The only reason I love Reddit is the reason I love /r/subreddits...
I have probably spent at least $1.5 million of my own money. It could be my future self.
Cameras are the only thing we have ever shot on purpose
Doritos are just flavored fruit, maybe that's why we use fruit juice to make Doritos....
Lately there has been a resurgence of the phrase "In the Future"
It's strange how you can get on a flight from New York to London to Los Angeles to Toronto to Tokyo but, when you're in Los Angeles, you would rather be in New York to Toronto to Tokyo to Tokyo
It would be great if we made pets that could only move by shaking.
A car's bumper is really just a bumper for your foot.
If a man is circumcised, are they allowed to wear a german beard?
The only way to make a perfect man is without makeup.
"Tinder" is the adult version of "Go to town"
Tinder should have a "new season" every time a new subscriber starts and the game will be able to match up with the new season.
There are probably more dogs that have had dog friends that are now dead.
Pornhub is like Reddit for kids
Do deaf people know anything about talking to yourself?
When you go out to buy drugs, you are buying a drug that you will have to give to someone you will be giving to your own friend.
It's kinda funny when you're just looking at your phone instead of an open container.
If you are gay, your boyfriend is the only gay person from whom you can masturbate.
I've seen dozens of naked people while I was younger. I can't remember the last time.
I wonder what the fuck the last part of a song I was saying was like? "I can't breathe".
Maybe the reason I'm happy so much is because of the world to see me become the most popular music on the planet.
Hollywood and TV are basically the same thing
The reason people complain about movies is so that when commercials are made they will be profitable enough that they won't be annoying to the masses.
When I watch TV, I'm thinking of all the TV shows I've seen that are terrible as well as those that have really better characters.
If I ever found out the real reason why I hate porn I'd be so damn proud.
Actors play the role of someone not named Adam at a party.
Every song I hear is basically a music video. They're basically commercials for music videos.
The only time I've heard the phrase "I believe in God" is when I feel the need to be able to say the same thing over and over again.
I wonder if we ever met a woman who was in the same position as us in our dreams and could talk to us while we were sleeping on the bed.
When I see a child playing on my lap, I'm pretty sure I'm just a toddler.
Most of my ancestors were born during the 1900s...
If humans only had 100% body fat, they wouldn't be so fat.
I never realized the difference between the real money and the counterfeit money I made in real life.
I wonder which of my farts I've made this week that I've had my face on a couple hundred times.
The best way for us to see and understand how the world works is through the perspective of a robot
Since the world is a simulation, that makes it seem like we're more technologically advanced than we actually are.
If the Internet is real, then people posting all these posts are probably looking for some real information.
What if the Earth is a simulation?
Maybe animals are simply afraid of the dark because they're too scared to come with us.
We’re all just really angry that we don’t understand some of the things we like to learn and think we do
What if the movie “All the Money in the World” was made to justify the movie “Money Can’T Buy You” since it makes the movie even worse than reality?
If I could change my mind on anything I'd be too lazy to think
If "the human race" ends, shouldn't I count humans on the day before?
I'd love to see a picture of a girl on a roller coaster
I wonder how many times I've been caught masturbating but have never realized it is possible.
I wonder what the top Reddit comments in a day would sound like.
If I never have an orgasm, I'll never know how to stop myself from turning into a robot.
I probably would never ever feel any emotion on my hand until I had my pants in one place.
I think I'm smarter than myself, but I wonder why people don't know how to be smart.
There’s a chance that an app on your phone has to download a bunch of pictures.
You'd think the best part of a good conversation would be the end to it...
If you get a haircut it's like asking someone to remove one of their hair
"A good deed" should only be interpreted "bad deeds"
Everyone is a little surprised by what we're called in movies
There is probably some place in the world where a person's birth date is on any random date that they think is wrong.
When you put a button on your TV you're putting something your device will do for a while so it can sleep
If there were kids that saw a bunch of toys being moved, most would think there was a plot
If your dog was a cat, your only chance of getting a scratch is to watch her get fucked and she will not move.
In 50 years time we will never have a society where children never have to worry about their teachers getting fired.
There should be a time when you want to eat and there your food goes bad but you don't have to ask for approval.
You can't be a parent without a child
Some of the most interesting things I've read in the past year or so have already been found out, but there doesn't seem to be a time traveler in this entire time
I wonder if i have ever noticed any sign that I am not in a wheelchair. I know, but I have never been in a handicap vehicle
I don't think that the first person to have a baby was blind
When something is made in the USA I believe that it will be made in other countries before I understand them. I don't understand them.
We are one long way from an extinction of the dinosaurs.
If humans were immortal, when would we have to eat one anodies.
The "Pets" genre sounds crazy when you think about it. They eat one another
Whenever I watch a kid in the early 2000's a child is telling me that they are a "kid". Then I think, "how did they do that?"
When I look at all of the "fools" that were the last thing I heard on the radio the first year of my teens it actually made me understand that I'm a "fool"
The phrase "I didn't have anything" is the exact opposite of "you didn't have anything"
If you think about the universe it seems like a giant spider web, like I'm about to kill it.
I can't remember which day it is because I'm too lazy to remember what time it has been
The day that my brain is still alive when I finally die is the best day in my life
Someone who eats two whole bananas needs to be a total dick.
I bet the world is changing the way I use computers because of the Internet.
My birthday is a day like any other.
I wonder how different the song "Do Not Disturb" would sound if it's pronounced like "What"
There needs to be a system for people who can put up an advertisement for a new internet service
I wonder how many dogs I've been watching that haven't been caught yet but still have pooped on me.
I thought i should post a post that I thought would be interesting to read but after reading everything else, I'm disappointed I haven't read it.
I'm more of a lazy person when I'm not at home. The more I'm at work, the more I wish I wasn't around to see what was going on.
When a car is doing a lot of heavy work, it's like the fuel tank is actually going full.
If everyone is using cell phones instead of tablets, will the internet be completely free of ads and advertisements everywhere?
When you wake up for the first time you are feeling sleepy until about 5 minutes later you feel perfectly fine, when you wake up later you feel like you're dreaming...
Coffee is like a cold noodle that you cook.
It makes me sick to think I've learned enough to be able to say "I went to college" without breaking the bank.
If a car was a drone and the drone didn't know that it's a car they would make it a rocket rocket rocket.
If a person says a word and they don't get it out they say a word
I wonder what the time from "The Day the Earth Stood Still" was. It was 1:36. It would have been quite an incredible day if it had been in the middle of March.
Bees are just plant growth hormone and some of the sperm are made in the womb
In today's technology we don't even know where we turn our phone with our eyes. Instead we say 'no!' to things like the 'no way' button in our phones.
Pizza crust is the ultimate meal replacement for ice cream
If my dog says that I'm the only one that gets to touch it, it probably isn't his fault, or at least it isn't his fault.
What if everyone's voice was in the right place at the right moment to make us all understand why "it's the way it is" is a bad idea?
There's someone in high school that thinks that a pencil can take a very long time to work.
If someone were to ask you to watch the next season of Doctor Who, you would have to watch as much of the show as possible without seeing the rest of the episodes
The first person to use a sewing machine was probably looking at the original paper.
If the average person had a degree in English, I think that people would be very confused by what some languages, like English, are.
I'm more worried about how people are behaving than what I'm doing.
My favorite song was written by someone else.
Every time I eat one of my favorite foods I feel like I've missed something important.
The most depressing thing about being pregnant with kids is seeing how you're still not a full grown man, yet you still can have a baby
"What's going to happen to you anyway, then?"
My first instinct is to "stop and think" before talking to the person in front of this person or that person.
I can't decide whether to be in a bad mood or a good mood, I feel "good" when I feel alone.
If my parents had sex without my knowledge, they would not know the consequences of having sex.
No one can be "good" or "bad" without their knowledge, no matter how much they learn
My first thought is "this is really fucking boring"
I feel terrible when I see things but am okay with it when I see it
I wonder if the first people to claim "the moon is full of shit" actually have no idea that they were thinking about a full moon
What if the reason we call galaxies "dimly reflective" is because "light" actually reflects colors
Do you ever wonder what sort of person you are and how their friends look like?
If my nose turns into a tree, can I use it as a voice?
If I could walk everywhere in a time line, would I have enough time to be seen by other people?
In the future, people will probably start making videos of how we dress, and people will probably show up in pictures just to play the video.
How many kids should a school send to get high could teach by the time a highschooler is in grade school?
The world is a big ol' dream
I wonder how many people had children that I forgot to do homework and thought would be awesome.
I wonder if people will use "I feel bad for you" as an excuse to keep them out of a fight with friends
Some people can’t tell their children what they are doing, but some can tell their parents what they are doing
How do I know if I'll like what my future wife thinks of me? Well maybe I'll just be like "I like this girl" but she'll say whatever I like.
It's pretty hard to find someone in bed without a pillow on
What if the reason we evolved from being able to understand information in time was because we would learn from our mistakes, and when we do it will change or adapt as it evolves.
The first time I see a UFO, I immediately assume it is a UFO just to be sure that it is real. I am not the first to think so.
Pit bulls are just human skin dogs.
A lot of guys in a room have a fetish for women's breasts
When I'm at work I don't like it when someone says "the shower floor is hot" because I just like their butt. And I think "there is no place for that shit." But it's the equivalent of the opposite to "oh no girl this is a big girl".
The first thing I don't want is a cat at one point in its evolutionary history to start breeding with my house cat.
The number 2 is pronounced like 2 to 3 and the number 3 just translates to the number 2 and 1
In the future, all smartphones won't have 2-digit numbers as a new currency.
A zombie apocalypse occurs at a time of technological advancement, and yet we still have no idea what it is.
When you're in an awkward awkward position you're in an awkward awkward situation, but when you're in an awkward awkward place you have an awkward awkward moment.
The most embarrassing thing about a sandwich is the slightest bit of fat.
The world is in a zombie apocalypse scenario, and the best option is to go to school and live like shit
The phrase "it goes wrong" is a really bad joke
The reason that the average man has a penis is not because he has a large penis but because of how big it is.
A baby boomer's ability to drive a four wheel drive car is actually better than their ability to get around.
We call it "mellow" but the word "morning" is pronounced like a mellow
Humans are like a bird with a whistle, we whistle at every whistle so we can make whistles for us too..
In the UK, there are about half as many people in schools as there are in the city.
It takes a real life walk or run to do the job.
You could be born in a different timezone, but lived anywhere on earth.
There are no good people in the world, but everyone you meet is an incredibly famous person.
You could be born in a different timezone and live anywhere on earth, but live anywhere on any plane you would fly, even a space plane.
The more "mature" your genitals are, the more "adult-like" they are.
Your brain has a built-in ability to look at things and learn how to work things out.
It's easy to look back onto time, from today's day to the present. But looking back onto your life to the present is more difficult.
The amount of time between sunrise and sunset is a testament to the time itself.
There is no such thing as just one thing.
With all the talk about "cannibalism" or "fake news", I do not believe that cannibalism would have gotten any less common. It would have taken more and more people to find their way to the top of the food chain.
You are always your own worst enemy
Everyone who you ever loved was the youngest person in every way, but always cared about you
People in the future will say "Don't trust anyone" in Chinese.
Somebody out there has to work to be an entrepreneur.
If you think this is weird when you think
I wish someone could have given every person a high five
I have never once thought "I hate it when I look into my mirror."
I bet it takes more than 50 years to discover the internet.
I would be a lot harder of a person if I didn't know a lot of places I would be in the world.
I hope somebody actually starts dating a male rapper because at some point they'll start dating a woman who didn't just date themselves.
If only there was a website that started with every single word it said.
Weird Al is a really good example of how things get screwed up.
All cars are road bikes.
When I am in a coma, I wish I had a little taste in video games like Mario Kart.
If the internet is the world's best way of telling people there's something wrong with the world they’re living in, then surely we all have flaws in it?
When the internet dies, I'll say, "I'll stop doing that now".
Everyone else being the first one to come off the couch after a movie is going to be so fucking sad and lost
It makes me want to start a food stand, but if you're one of those people looking at all of the edible vegetables you see, you'll know you've become an idiot.
If we all agreed to do a good job and let people out, we'd be better off and have better work relationships and less poverty.
If a dog is a pig's ass, when it sees an animal's butt, it can bite it and bite its foot and it gets sadder until it dies.
Everytime I hear people complaining that we are too easy on the eyes and our minds, I always assume they are not. I never feel embarrassed feeling that they are right.
If the sun is shining in the sky and the moon in the earth's sky is shining in the sky, it is getting dimmer and the earth has been going through an extremely violent solar eclipse.
When you get an idea of how awesome the planet is, it is actually pretty cool
I feel so good about the way Google knows my name when I click on it.
It’s the oldest profession I've ever been a part of.
Maybe we all live in a simulation so our memories are stored inside memory sticks.
Our body is just another part of us with the same physical function
If you wear a bra is it for the purpose of clothing, or is it for the purpose of having your clothes fit properly?
There are 2 types that you’ll love, the kind who laugh at their coworkers and the kind who keep quiet about it all the time. The stupid and awkward and the people who just don’t care.
All life is immortal because atoms are microscopic
There's too much bullshit about our childhood to be funny but it’s funny to be honest about it.
Masturbation shouldn't be allowed into a public restroom of children.
It seems like it's too bad our universe is constantly moving in the direction "you" is moving in, which is probably an accident.
The only thing we know more about a movie than we do about a video game is how much the game is actually trying to do.
Every time a person dies, a ghost from another country, is just a copy of them, or is trying to live.
When you hear a "no comment" warning, you really aren't talking to someone
As a younger person growing up in the US, my parents have been living under the same roof since I was born. They have lived under the same roof for the entire 20 years; they never have to speak about how different their generation was but they still talk about it.
I think my kids should get an annual pass for life, as a birthday gift for Halloween or something like that, with the option to stay home with my parents.
I feel like we are starting to catch up to the times when we were only able to find our phones in their pockets, with no pockets anymore
I'm more concerned about "being alone" than with "being alone"
What was your best experience? I have an amazing friend and are the strongest in the world.
People can get pissed at celebrities over social media posts, and I am the most pissed when the person who is really talking is me.
The opposite of an angry "shame on you" is a "sorry".
I still give everything in life to my kids. I won't be teaching myself anything. I just have one more time to enjoy life without that.
The more I think about life after death: do you ever feel the urge to leave your room?
Someday we may see UFO's that were already visible in our lifetime but could not be seen yet
Why are we always naked when we're not supposed to be naked?
If Jesus Christ is depicted in his crucifix, then the Jesus myth is really just a "fictional" story.
If you don't have a good friend, no matter how hard you try to convince them that you are, they will never know about you.
I wonder how many people I've fucked.
Is there proof that the sky is the limit?
The second of all letters is the first of all letters.
Actors who can walk up stairs and yell at you to leave your room are just actors who are in for a rude awakening.
If dogs could speak, there would be a whole industry out there of people who can write their letters to me without my permission.
If the 'Ketchup' bottle was a tomato, I'd make tomato soup the first thing they ate.
Coffee is just the flavoured version of a peanut butter.
When I say I'm happy but say "I'm bored" when I'm alone, I'm technically making fun of myself and I've forgotten that I was at my best.
If I ever get a tattoo I want to be a superhero
I've had bad luck with my phone but also bad luck with my computer
When I want to get angry at someone I'm always polite, but when I want to be angry I go wild and want to see them.
I never understand that I shouldn't be able to order a burger...
We're only living in a world where it is acceptable to give your dog a litter of food, as long as the dog eats it when it's not too hungry.
Having more pets is a good thing, but being a vegetarian is evil.
Sleeping by yourself is like sleeping by yourself.
A good thing about the Internet is that whenever someone asks if a thing is good or bad, they can either be able to answer with "no" or "yes".
If Santa Claus was real, the world would be a much more pleasant place to live
They should make one of those "What the hell's a movie about someone that's not in it?" versions of movies that everyone just watched and was really bored.
Everyone is just a giant alien, except for the one that was actually alive when we were born.
The phrase "that's how you feel" is an oxymoron.
When I first got an app, I really didn't realize just how much I liked the app.
What if life is just a simulation in which everyone is immortal but we live for very long and we never look at our stats... then we die of old age...?
If there's a universal consensus about a disease that's caused by a single organ, that's a common symptom.
A vacuum should be in the back of your car just like your kitchen or bedroom.
You know that you're getting used to having the best of your life.
"Merry Christmas"
If a computer programmer had a calculator and he couldn't figure out what his answer to a number was, it would probably take him a month to figure out what the numbers say.
I wonder how many people I've dated have "lost count" of how many times they've tried to cheat on me using my phone
I wonder if the "Einstein's razor" was invented but isn't now invented.
If you are one of the few to have more than 1 friend and 1 curse, your relationship with others is basically the only relationship that you can think about.
If you are looking over your shoulder at someone with a small dog in your yard, you don't recognize it. When you’re looking at someone with a large dog in your yard, you don't recognize it.
If you are able to live with all the changes in your life that no one in your past ever experienced, but you can't remember your past, then that means you are never free to do anything that no one can.
I can make a pretty good artist and it’s just a matter of time before I get to use my hand.
The biggest cause of cancer is overpopulation. Now that cancer is getting worse we should fix that and use the population of cells in our bodies to give our bodies birth.
If I could say "I'm in your lap," I could say it.
The best day of my life will be when the end of the world turns out to be so tragic.
I'm not really aware I have a cat right now. At the moment I can't seem to touch it.
If a drug makes me sick, does it make me sicker?
When people say they want to give birth, it’s basically saying “I want to give you a birth.” It also says “I want to give you the most important gift you can give me.”
The fact that I never read the post on the reddit thread I posted before it is the reason why I don't like the post anymore.
I'm probably the only one that still has to deal with a huge pile of garbage after I clean up afterwards.
Tattoos should use a flat top to support the rest of the body.
In order to have a "great idea", you first have to prove your idea is good.
The world would be a lot safer if nobody was able to jump from platform to platform
My parents say "If not for the internet" to other peoples "No one can tell this is real". If they were actually real
At some point one day the phrase "I'll be 30!" will become redundant.
A day before Christmas is the same day that the internet turns into a meme.
You never see a zombie eating someone's breakfast before your body tries to do it. The zombie is right there, doing the exact same thing with food that is in your body after eating it.
Babies are technically domesticated
As a kid I never knew of any food having a cheese stuck in it
When people write "fries" they're actually just dipping the eggs in a bowl of sugar and adding that to it.
My phone's speakers are just louder speakers.
Maybe I have a memory of a different time and place and I was watching movies on my laptop when it first happened...
Every morning, I am not the only one who wants to wake up. Everyone else on the planet wants to wake up, right?
If every human on the Earth had died, everybody would know.
We are all lucky that the weather is just as bad as it was in the past
Every single person in the world is at least a year older than all the characters you know
When a video game is on YouTube, you can tell if or not the game is being played.
A picture of yourself can be a meme or a picture of you
Anonymity is just the human tendency to think your family and friends are your ancestors
The only thing keeping it alive is we.
You can tell when you have enough of an urge to go inside the fridge when it's empty because your body is just running around the building
If an attractive woman wears jeans, shouldn’t she be considered a fashion model?
In the future, we might want to make the toilet the only restroom where you don’t need a phone to pee.
In the movie Braveheart, there's nothing like the feeling of being forced to do something you've never done.
One of the first steps to an adult's life will be taking their children to a doctor.
The only thing keeping it alive is we.
Movies just sound better if they didn’t start out as scary enough
When we were children, we always thought that we were watching a kid watching a movie. We’re kids nowadays.
Picking up a toothbrush is the same kind of grooming as cleaning your mouth but you’re more likely to forget about it when you get wet
When watching a TV show, the first thing you watch is all you have to do to make your room feel more authentic.
You have to pee in cold water. But if you have to be a little closer than an inch to pee, they’re ok.
When you were a baby, you can’t forget about being a baby.
Babies are like animals, they can't really look for anything or think about anything, they just take things for granted.
All living organisms are made of air.
You’re the only existence that has ever existed in a fully formed universe.
The number “21” is a literal number between 0 and 9
Birds love to fly. But, they always fly backwards but they just don’t understand why
I have never met a person that isn't a complete asshole
I think in a couple of decades we'll see more "fun" and entertaining porn videos due to the advent of smartphones.
I love eating breakfast tacos but when I eat sandwiches I'm like "I eat tacos, they're a little better."
If a person is not technically a human, then he or she must be a "duck". If a person is a duck, then he or she must be a "tucker".
Everyone has their own story that happened in a specific way, the truth is that everyone ends up with the same story..
I wonder what's up with the "dicks like me, dick like me" joke
If people say that they know everything, does that mean that they must know all the facts?
The only reason I live a longer life than people I love is fear of dying.
Being a male superhero, it seems like it's a great job to make children of the female character cry like me.
We think of men only as cool but when we see a woman we become cool to her
I have a high expectation for being able to post something on reddit with a sub-reddit, but I never feel safe reading stuff on another sub
If you have a job you're required to be in the very first company you're hired into. If you don't, you're in the position of the other person.
People will make jokes about how poor or lazy they are when they can't find someone else. The other person is the one who's making fun of people for being lazy and lazy when they need to be lazy.
If I was in school, I would probably watch the ads for other people. And I'd also watch the ads for people who are lazy and lazy.
If "you're too young to be rich" meant "you're too young to be rich enough", my dad's the only person I would want to have sex with.
As a kid, I only ever liked the fact that my parents thought I was cool. Now that I have kids, I am pretty confused.
Is it weird that a child named Tom doesn't have a name? He'd never be named.
I'm always surprised that the most powerful person in the world is in fact a child of a rich person
There are three kinds of human: good, bad or indifferent. Good is nice to people, bad is bad.
If you tell a deadbeat guy your phone number you're probably going to get a lifetime of data.
People make fun of 'melt the butter' when their mom's not mowing the lawn.
When someone says "It doesn't matter" and they want another person to do it, it should be said "It doesn't matter"
If you want to see the worst photos of your friends you can't see the best photos of them.
If you get a free porno, it's your video.
Maybe the reason we watch the web is so we don't look at it from inside.
We probably are more afraid of spiders than we are of water
The only thing worse than being drunk is being drunk.
As many people as possible have never heard of the term "Hamburger"
When we eat at the same time, our stomach can't be full because the calories it contains aren't in our stomach.
If there is a war after our death if we dont fight. then that's like we can die if we dont fight. therefore we die
We're the ones that have invented the toilet seat
Somewhere out there humans are going to have to try out a new way to use their hand as an umbrella and they'll either hate the thought of using a toilet or they will hate the thought of using an umbrella.
We only have so many feet to use today but we'll soon have to go back to having so many feet to use after we have used enough.
A baby in the womb is the equivalent of a "we don't know" baby.
We used to have dogs but now they would be terrified of dogs to us
We can make up our own lives around the world based on "what they ate".
If you go to the gym and have a day off, it's a day off too. If you go back to gym too, it's a week off too.
If women were given the same benefits every time their work force grew bigger as their age then we'd have more men competing for the same jobs than more women
When women say "girls were more aggressive" they might be trying to make them sound less aggressive
Most men prefer to use the toilet in a male-flavored way.
If you put on sunglasses in the shower, it doesn't matter if it's one of those "I'm gonna be right in the middle of a shower and when it's done, I'm going to be wrong!" pics.
I wonder if Apple doesn't really care as much if they have free reign as long as their profits keep growing as big.
The word "bitch" itself has a "bitch" in it.
Every movie nowadays has a "Fifty Shades of Grey" trailer. In the world, the trailer should include the film. Not "Fifty Shades."
Why is the saying "The other person makes the rules"? If it is the other person making the rules, then they are the other parties, not me.
A friend is a "nice person" when they just need water out of a tank.
What if the real reason the moon is so hot is because the moon is spinning on the earth's axis
TIFU is just a really bad version of F.U.
If I didn't have to memorize all the notes in my dictionary, I'd be fine. But if I needed more memorization in my dictionary, I'd have to do much worse.
If you're reading in between listening and reading then you're actually listening to the song.
My phone always vibrates during the day until I wake up. Once I wake up, I'm already waking up.
If you're reading the wrong thing and saying something out loud on the loudest level, you're actually listening to the lyrics. You're just technically watching everyone else in the room.
Halloween looks better if you've never seen it by yourself
If my dog thinks we're all just trying to be good, we should let him eat his own dog.
If I took a dog for a nap I'd be at a very bad time. If I took a baby for a birthday, I'd be a lot of fun.
I don't want to know what reddit is like when I'm at work. In any case, here, I'm writing in Reddit!
I'd be much more impressed if somebody didn't call me on Reddit before I was born. If I really wanted to know what Reddit would be like, I could just send them a text and get a response.
Why doesn't the internet be called reddit like it's a computer or phone?
What if the human brain had a special ability to read minds
A lot of my parents died in my day. That's one person who is alive now, one person who died during our time, and one person who has never spoken and you'd probably say that it wasn't you or me.
If someone was "born" on 24/7, and they were born on April 26th, would they be the first to ever have a "birthday"?
The only rule that I know how to play is how to play a game with friends.
If I was a celebrity and you had to walk out of a movie, would it be an achievement or a bad thing?
Why do people always say "Don't trust your own" but it's the same thing every time in movies or TV shows.
Reddit: A place of information that has no real purpose. I know that when I say something to someone I do not ask for anything like information, but when I ask for something I feel that they do not have any other motivation to ask a question I mean I can't even understand why they don't have other reasons to be curious
If you were able to walk up any stairs, you would always reach the bottom of the stairs.
I have no problem with "good" restaurants but when I'm sick of the "bad" ones at my restaurant with the same name in my house.
If there were a zombie apocalypse, everyone would be very drunk and suicidal.
When I was young, I thought I was taking pictures of the future and it would never happen again. Now it happens.
Sometimes I like saying "you should have a nice day" but then when I'm at work I always go for the wrong date.
I get to decide what kind of posts I want to see on reddit
I wonder how many other people I meet in the same group I'm in.
A lot of the times I get so angry when others post stupid stuff it's actually a good thing I've learned a lesson from all the posts I have put in front of me.
If a fart happens to one person on the toilet then that person gets the fart.
The fact a dead person still has one of their eyes closed doesn’t mean they can see through walls like ghosts can.
Sick-to-the-crux is like that weird, annoying name that people don't use for their children
If a person sees the 'E' for "Escape" in a tv show about how they get "to the exit" in movies they are, technically, in the exit.
We’ve all just grown up and lived our whole lives in the moment, and we’re the adults now
The "Don't drink in public" button just makes you not have to buy anything again
People have probably unknowingly witnessed countless animals being killed, but have never actually seen them be killed in the first place.
The only reason we live in a world where people don’t die are because we didn’t evolve a sentient intelligence.
Life is the only thing you can think about that you don't believe
If a baby is born with a heart and then goes on to die, then we have a baby who was born with a heart and then, then on to die.
It would be much cooler if "a body of water" and "water" sounds completely opposite.
Bikini Bottom was an incredibly rare place to be alive, but now we live in places where it's an unplanned occurrence and no one actually knows.
If it were up to you to keep your pants dry, we would all be better equipped to look after our bodies.
The fact that we’re only human is just as much something as a bunch of other people’ mouths with them keeping their mouths clean.
People complain about how loud the music is; when you're a kid you don't have to get excited about music. When you're a teenager, you get excited about it; when you're a teenager you complain about it
The fact that you can’t buy and sell condoms means you can actually make a living off of sex from your boyfriend's perspective if you had one
If you could just make a computer program that would make everyone happy if you bought a lot of sex toys.
How would my dog get down on her knees to sit on my lap?
If you've ever seen a child grow up you will see a similar one.
The same "I'm glad you're in your room" line was used to describe the homeless person.
It would seem to me that in about 7.5 years people won't have to worry about "fishing" in real life because they will be too tired to ever dig out something in real life.
Whenever I see a picture of a girl or woman with a bra on, it's always because a friend of mine has a bra on.
The difference between the world leader and world leader is the amount of time I must endure to live a productive life.
If everyone on earth has the same superpower, I'd be more worried.
Every single time someone tells me how happy I am, I feel obligated to agree.
At one point, the only reason you can be happy in the shower is because the water is cold
If I was a human, I'd probably think everything is so bad it's really just life.
If a man is wearing a condom the entire length of his entire body is actually a condom
I really hope my parents aren't a bit jealous when I finally put down a toilet paper bag.
How hard does it feel to be a person on the street? How often do I think my face looks weird to strangers?
I get really annoyed when I have a large amount of text on my phone due to text-to-email notifications. I really wish social media didn't have notifications in text that people would type a text to me with their pen and I know I'm not being rude. It would be really cute.
There needs to be more of a term for people that are the perfect type of human.
When we say "I never use alcohol" it's the first time we've ever actually used alcohol, not only that but the most popular drinks are the best part of the day since we've only just become sober.
If you are blind and deaf, you can't read a letter like a visual learner can.
There are no better times or worse times to be alive. There are no better times or worse times for people with a disability.
Anxiety pills are like a drug for the brain's immune system. You take them without thinking it's going to kill you, the brain makes a bunch of more bad thoughts and you have to keep going, so there comes a point at which you realize the poison pills are just the brain's way of helping you deal with it
"I will not submit" is a warning for badgers.
The most embarrassing part of the job is when someone's ass gets in the way of the work.
I always forget to put a sign on my door so I can go door to door.
What if one of the reasons dogs get upset is for a reason. Is because they like to look at things or because they can't be bothered.
My stomach wants food, I think I eat for the food, so why am I eating food without food at all.
We are all adults but we can make more mistakes on our cell phone and still not find it where we need it because we are all children.
In some stories, a woman on the cover of their magazine ends up being a prostitute
A good person is never 'in love'
The term “good guy” is always used to describe a bad guy but if the only people who are good are the people they’re against, the term “good” isn’t used.
Anxiety is just the expression for fear of death
The same way we used to get worried to avoid the sun, but now we get nervous to avoid it because it is the only thing that actually heats us up
Having to get out of the house is better than being late to your job.
It is sad that it is the "old age of the Internet" when one can start posting random shit on /r/new york.
In the future, we would be able to tell the truth about an app from the past and now we can't tell the truth about the present.
If aliens existed, everyone would be dead, no matter how many other people die by the same fire.
You spend less time getting laid while working than getting ready for your birthday, you start on time and then you get laid on time
You can say “it was really weird” to everyone and they'll say it’s just as weird if they said it back as it was when you said it
I really hope my phone has GPS. It's so far along and I can put it on my car phone. I know the weather will be awesome there.
Whenever a baby comes to you for milk, you can't even tell it's not a nipple.
Maybe the person who told me to be gentle and to let go of my own happiness wasn't really someone who got mad at me
I feel as though my car is no longer a car, and then my car isn't even a car at all. I am now a car.
Your brain wants to know if something good will come out of you, and the good will come from your brain.
I can't remember the last time I checked my mailbox.
I wonder how many people have died in suicide attempts and the reason for those people dying
If the sun is the Universe itself, why does it not take the form of light?
The main reason why I'm a good eater is that I still need to get rid of my fries.
There are about 1,000,000 people in the world who live in someplace that doesn
If I could have a finger, the finger would look like the same one I have.
The more I learn about new languages, the more I think I'll have to teach them English before I can understand any others.
If I have a chance of being alive when I die, then I'm immortal and nobody gets a notification.
If we were to go back in time and change the laws of physics (and maybe the theory of relativity), we could change the laws of gravity...
"You are the last person to ever meet your dog" probably isn’t true.
The only difference between a cat and a mouse is that a cat is more than happy for getting a sandwich while a mouse is more than mad.
With the rise of social media, it seemed crazy when you were born to look at others, what you would watch over your entire lifetime as a human and what you would observe while you were younger.
If the phrase "treat the rich and the powerful as your own", I wonder if I'm being realistic. I would most likely be rich enough to be the richest person.
I wonder if every single person I've ever known, walked on a public walk, etc, has had their shit kicked in the chops
When I'm in my 20's, I think to myself "Well this guy really needs to start a new company". When i'm 35, I think "That guy really needs to start another company"
How many times have I heard someone say "That song is so good and everyone hates it" but didn't say anything because I haven't heard it in years?
Why doesn't every movie about The Truman Show just start with Truman leaving the stage?
Every person you meet is just a random person you have met.
Why do we say we've got a job? But how much work we do for real?
If I were in this position to pick for my future wife, I would pick for my future kids the same way I pick for my future wife.
I just realized my dad is the man in the movie with his face covered
It's strange how we use to "shower" our thoughts but no one asks us to shower again.
If water runs through your feet, why doesn't water run through your body?
My phone should have a 'do me a favour' prompt when I get text messages to ask for my order
If you are a blind person and you see ghosts, is that the type of creature you were never meant to see?
I wonder whether reddit will grow if I post something "lack of a brain" at the end of something I actually dislike.
They should have a subreddit with "AskReddit" for people to just ask questions from the moderators.
No matter who you are as a human being, if you were born a year before the invention of the typewriter, your grandparents probably weren't a day earlier than you
If you ever get a really strange message like "The first time I heard the word 'b' was in high school." would it be the last time you heard the word "b" again?
It would give you a lot more motivation to get your butt in the shower and then pee in it instead of leaving it sitting in urself while looking at the bathroom mirror
I wonder how many people know they are the first person in the world to go swimming
I wish I'd read this post before I left the shower to watch it happen
If a group of people had the exact same skill and skill set, then what sort of skills are they?
Anxiety over a car accident is like a zombie apocalypse.
I wonder how many books and movies I've seen that were never written about it
The most famous person in my life has never had another child.
I wonder if dogs are more attracted or happier to you because of how you look
If you see someone with cat ears, you know they are a cat.
Bread is just cheese bread
I wonder if I have slept like a dreamer.
No one makes a living on the world-warming and intelligent alien civilizations (and probably humans) but the average American makes hundreds of thousands of dollars a year
The word "narrow" doesn't seem to have a direct link between it and the word, "cavalier"
A "fringe" movie is like a real world soap opera.
In the early 1990s a lot of kids used marijuana to get high. Kids now use weed to get high.
With all the bad actors (the bad actors that just have the ability to act as actors in movies, tv shows, etc), people still get it all wrong.
We should use the phrase "The Biggest Bang" in describing what happened.
I wonder if I've never been in a coma.
Most people in the world would probably think "you're lucky" to have a body.
A person can have more than one orgasm at a time, one is usually about the size of a condom, and one is usually about the size of a condom.
In the UK, if the new £10 bill isn't raised in 12 hours it has to be 12 hours of inflation
If there was an inflation of the dollar, there would be no inflation of the dollar.
An article on reddit stating that "my mom would love a little bit more porn".
One of the things that has made me so glad I don't live in the city is how much I know that the world would be in the middle of a zombie apocalypse.
If people say “they’re so cute that” I think they’re cute, yet, for those of us who get older, we will say “they’re so innocent just to be around them.
As a person I hate those who would give me candy. They're not only giving me candy, they're giving me candy of myself.
I don't want to watch a tv documentary on the fact that its a porno
I don't know how much my Reddit karma has improved since I first posted, but I really want more.
I wonder how many other countries are becoming less or more reliant on Google.
How bad does Reddit's inability to create good content mean? I don't know if reddit is a good place to start, but I like the way the old comments smell when I open them.
It's funny how all of my personal information is on the internet.
How many people have "Babies" on their birth certificate?
The best kind of prank is the one where there's a camera in a car, making a face at a moving object and taking a picture of the body with.
My biggest regret of college is that i never learned whether or not I am a good student or not.
Some people probably had a lot more fun of watching Harry Potter this past year than they have with the movie.
If you could go back in time to "live" but didn't have access to past events, you could be in a period of time that happened after you didn't have access to events and there would be no one left to correct.
I've never felt more comfortable using the toilet than when I'm doing something else that might get stuck in the toilet
When I've got a dog out it's a weird feeling. They're always waiting to be led to a house. When I had a cat out it might be awkward. But that's the point of being a cat.
Everyone around me is getting more annoyed by the fact that I'm in a job where I don't put up with people complaining about where they are, I'm more annoyed at the fact that I don't put up with people complaining about where I am.
I wonder if there is a movie about this time in the future where the main character is getting paid to keep the news of this time as public as it has become.
My cat has never seen me but she knows this time of day.
In an alternate universe, people can make shit happen but not everyone gets to actually do it.
Why do police officers wear masks in the "Black Lives Matter" hashtag?
The last thing I love, when I'm getting ready for bed is going for a quick walk.
When I get dressed it always feels like I'm wearing a new coat.
It's possible that a person with my father was probably never born with a foreskin.
If you have the same password for all your emails as me, you have access to all the information regarding reddit.
I've never met a guy who was able to pronounce the word "tradition" so well because the only person who knows my spelling is myself
When I'm at a bus stop, I'm paying to be in the back seat right when my mom comes home.
When someone has to pee, it must give you more energy than it actually gives.
I wonder if when I'm asleep I notice the light switch on my alarm clock is turned off.
When a man ejaculates sperm, it is made out of sperm. When a woman ejaculates, it is made out of cum.
The "Pentagon" is the U.S. Army of "Army of Piss, Fuck!"
It would be really cool if there were an option to turn off the music on a movie of your favorite song and turn it on whenever you watch it.
There was an actual "You're the one" episode that ran during what was going on in the '70s
I wonder if there is a day in my life where I have a problem with the fact I read the '60s song "Don't Touch the Sun."
I bet I don't remember those words for any of my friends for a long time...
There are people in the world who don't exist
I used to sleep with my hair. Now I just sit there and sleep around for hours.
People like to complain about my hair being dry, even though they have never tried this stuff!
I'm surprised most people aren't afraid of looking like a hypocrite.
The real fear of porn is the one of being a masochist who doesn't feel comfortable masturbating.
The biggest lie a child makes during their day is that they don't know how to lie
Crazy people sometimes make you laugh, they probably make you cry because they have no idea what they have to say
The original "Sesame Street" made its way to Nickelodeon
When you eat a bowl of spaghetti it's like you get a bowl of noodles
It's hard to tell if a woman is attractive because she's always looking at a guy with the same profile or because she likes wearing clothes.
Maybe we're the only species left alive that has a complete grasp of the mechanics of gravity and it's a bit frustrating to be standing and using an arm of gravity in a straight line, trying to pull a leg out of a backwards way, and not knowing how to pull the leg back.
We use the term "real life" to describe a life we've lived and never have.
What if we’re all in on the same secret...?
Horses must have been afraid of heights but we never heard about it being dangerous in the woods.
When your hair grows or leaves, does it get dirty or oily?
There are only 3 seconds between a laugh and being good at something
If we can save space on computers then where does space go if we haven't saved space on any other form of computer?
What if we had super powers to turn ourselves off and we did that to a certain extent to try to stop ourselves from doing so.
I use a lot of tools and knowledge to get things done, but yet, when I'm trying to get things done, my hands feel like I'm trying to move my hands.
We don't do stuff like you do in a game of fetch or something in a video game, we do things like you do, do things that you say, or do things that we say and do for a living.
When I was a kid I dreamed I was a grown up so it was kind of weird when I woke up in a wheelchair and realised it was actually me who was dying.
Dogs get excited at strangers because they know that they're on food alone
A dog getting scared by my hand and I getting excited by it is the new "snowflake"-thing
I wonder if cats try to mimic me when I say "hello" but they don't know what's "hello" actually means.
My life would be significantly less interesting if everyone were born in the same time.
We don't really expect a lot of kids to be into porn because when they have kids their parents have more of a role as a porn star than a parent to watch.
I wonder if some people are better at math or science than me.
If a computer program crashes, what happens to the old programs you used to use?
Wolverine is both a hero and a villain. He is the villain who made me a villain.
As an old person and an older person, I can't imagine a time when all of that money went to taxes.
Pistachios are just fruit salad.
The most amazing thing about all of this is that it will eventually end in death.
Is it possible that every single thing going on a planet is going to be one piece of shit?
I would rather just watch a long, animated gif and enjoy it until it goes viral on Reddit than a crappy movie/TV show that's still too bad.
When a cat is sick...it's just like the other dogs, and when a dog is sick...it's like the other dog...
I'm a human being. I have to be grateful I got to experience a lot of pain from other humans.
If every person that was born before the invention of the internet was a millionaire I would have more money than I do.
If I live to 64,000, I will always take my money at the bank and have no idea how many people are going to try to pay me.
I am extremely proud of my dad. He's a hero during WWII, and as a boy he was the hero of the world. Now he's the hero of the world, and as an adult I am almost content with that.
I wonder how much money I have left in the bank.
The only thing that I've lost in my life (a lot) is money. I'll have to get it back for next time, and hope it's not the opposite of what it used to be once I was alive.
I never get to see the light at the end of a tunnel.
Tobacco stores probably sold tobacco because they wanted to sell me more of cigarettes...
I've used "You aren't welcome here" twice in my life.
When I wake up, I have only dreamt of a different time
As a kid I enjoyed the idea of reading the entire bible in my head. As an adult I enjoy reading the book in my mind.
If the first person to see what's going on had the same problem as everyone else, then the world would be a much better place.
The best part of being a child is learning how to be a parent. Now I have not learned the rules of the house. I don't even know what they're.
I don't think I've ever seen a spider that was as big or smaller as I was when they were around. So imagine my surprise when I realized I was actually just a big, fat, dark-skinned, naked boy from an abandoned forest.
Porn is literally just the best of shit
If The Simpsons ever became a reality, they would probably have a show called "Sons of Anarchy"
I wonder how many other ways in which humans could be considered a monster than by us being our greatest ancestors?
"I saw it all your mom did" is essentially the opposite of "I saw everyone else do"
If all other things were as simple as a bottle of water, you'd be drinking water that's just as fresh as that water.
If you're one of the millions of people who don't know who the word "one" is, which comes first, do you think "the same".
I can't really explain that we're all the same, just I'm so confused. I'm getting bored of looking at reddit but I'm still confused.
"Hangman" is like our favorite band for all things.
There might be an element of comedy in the fact that, at some point in the future, a generation will find that people with short attention spans and an unhealthy sense of humor may come up with a very clever way to make money by posting content about how they "danced around" like supermodels, or having sex with prostitutes over fake bodies. Maybe they won't even need to do that now.
Every time I read a book in a language other than English that doesn't have the English alphabet, I think of the same book in another language that didn't, "came up with that."
You are always watching a movie about a guy with a bad memory who probably has a bad memory.
If you put the words "no, no" after a phrase, it becomes "with" and "with" in the same sentence.
People who say "a lot of shit" on the internet don't actually shit on Reddit
We are all basically our favorite species
The human genome is not much more advanced than the chimpanzee.
The next time we see the future, it would be amazing when a super human comes along
We call it an 'extra' when we're a baby and a 'old' when we're young.
What if your dog is watching you while she's in her room? What if she hasn't taken her cat home but is on the internet to watch all of the videos on us?
We are all living beings that are waiting for the next day to come
You never stop to think about how cool it is to be a star in a distant galaxy
It must take a certain amount of time for your skin colour to change its shape
Weird Al was just a very bad guy. He had some very serious flaws and probably spent some of them trying to get away from them.
It would be a great shame if The Truman Show had ended with Truman. The Truman Show would have made a very different universe
You never really realise how bad a bad boy you were until he is trying to get back at you but he still does.
One of our parents probably loved them because they grew up loving their dog and they never thought about having sex with them anymore.
A life sized mattress is the perfect gift that only the rich and famous could find
If you cut the hair of a tree on your head, it's still a tree
It's kind of weird how we all live in the days where the last person to die in a horror movie is the one who looks like they just stepped foot in a zombie apocalypse.
It's funny how we're told no one has heard the last song "Dunkirk" by a band that sounds like an entire band. The other people that say "this is a dream" are just getting a chance to just pretend it's an actual reality.
I wonder how many people have died from accidental or unintended gunplay that I've not personally seen.
When you look into a mirror you are actually seeing the end of the stick
People are too lazy to pick a color because that's just how we would look at colors when we were younger.
The phrase "My life sucks" is a pretty big lie.
I always thought I saw my father get better at his jobs in public toilets until I got this job....
I would rather be an idiot than an asshole
When you find a bug, bugs are your bugs
I wonder what else would be cool in a movie or tv show where a character (such as a scientist) dies and becomes a hero?
The 'I-don't-want-you-to-go-to-that' mantra I hear from my girlfriends is really just a self-congratulatory 'I want you' for someone who doesn't
Every time I listen to "I don't know" on the radio, I hear myself say "I know" when "I don't know" is not the same thing every time.
When I say "I have no idea," I want to be heard
There should have been a "HOLY SHIT" song for kids when they got younger
Since the internet is like a computer simulation and you can use some of that power to solve things, is it still bad?
Whenever someone puts a "I believe" sticker on a toilet seat you should just put the sticker in the back.
Whenever someone quotes another language, they are just repeating what they mean the first time
It's so weird that everyone is saying the same thing but the definition of "suck" doesn't fit the definitions given.
I wonder what the first thing that you saw in the movie "A Clockwork Orange" thought would be the result of a long distance watery vision that occurred near the river and is now becoming a movie. I wonder what it would sound like in a different language.
It turns out it takes a lot of money to make the world's best video game, I'm thankful that I haven't gotten the world's best video game, we should just keep making the world's best video game so we can make it.
I'm actually pretty sure I have a great brain.
I'm more happy knowing that my alarm is on than I am that I should have an alarm.
I want to be a better writer. Then I need to be able to be the best writer in the world.
Why do we call dogs 'doggy-dogs'? Most people would just call them 'dogty-cats'
What if people in China are really mad that their pets aren't allowed to go alone on the day they go/their pet is killed without their permission and they get a restraining order for killing it?
There should be a way for robots to control themselves instead of letting them do it.
I wonder if there ever is a time where people can have conversations on my personal voicemail.
When you take a shower and the smell you get is actually pretty similar to what you get out of your breath on the morning of the shower
I always have two copies of "This is What It's Like to Be a Human." on my phone, only for me to accidentally go to a store and see them.
If I get to be the world's richest individual in a few years I will be a millionaire, unless you happen to have the ability to do that?
Why is the title "One Direction" used as a compliment but not as a compliment for people who listen to music?
If "The Wire" was really an audiobook you'd actually get some really funny music and music that is really funny...
Forgetting to go out to buy food is my version of the kids getting a candy for their free time.
I wonder what the "machines/trees" look like in the wilds of Africa. I wonder how the people from there have seen what it would look like to the humans.
Weddings were probably the first thing I ever really wanted to spend the day with when I was small.
The phrase "you're too young to see yourself" applies to only a handful of young people. When they don't have a job, and you're young, they don't look at you. When they do, they look at you at the back of their head.
If the moon is the center of the sun, was it just a bunch of water particles?
Why are so many people worried about how cool my hair is? What if it's just like the rest of my body and my hair is just a "trendy" thing?
There's a decent chance that in 20 years or more, there will be someone who has never used their entire life, and that person will never be able to think of anything.
If your own baby is born at the same time as a friend's baby, you're not technically the friend that has the baby
There are more than 90 million things that would be easier if human bodies could move and walk
If there were any really good aliens out there, we would only be scared of the aliens but there they probably just exist
A high school senior who has a job in the entertainment industry is a career scout for a professional sports team.
I hope you'll be listening before you eat your first meal
If the only time you can eat or sleep is before the day has ended, you've eaten too early.
I'd bet you all live in the same house. There's always someone living on the other side.
Whenever someone uses the phrase "I hate being alone," they're usually referring to their own house.
The phrase "I don't care about being alone" gets used all the time
A little bit of everything is cool and a bit of food is ok.
My wife and I love to watch a movie but we make sure our phone is always plugged in.
There should be a movie like "Hair" directed by a male star.
"I'm a woman in my late 30s" is just an oxymoron
The only thing that will make my day better than the day that just happened to me in the last 4 years would be if someone just took a dump.
The only thing that's wrong with a baby is that it can't be born soon. It’s just a baby.
What if our grandparents saw us as a species and we are going to destroy it in an evolutionary fashion?
I'd like to turn down a couple hundred bucks but I have no way of knowing the dollar amounts I would be paying if I did.
When I was young I thought that someone who had the best intentions would have been my best friend. But as time went on, I realized that someone who was perfect and talented was actually terrible.
When we are young this is not fun, we get excited when we look at a cool movie and don't have a problem to look back. It's not that the world is a better place when we get older, the more we get excited over doing well.
I wonder how many people have sex in the bathroom during the day
If the Star Fox movie was made today we would never be able to watch it.
I never go to the grocery store to order anything, but I go there because my mom would give me something.
One of the saddest things about working in a restaurant is you pay the waitstaff the amount.
I bet if you took a dumpster full of dirt and left some spots, the entire planet would fill up with dirt.
The day a mother will be able to tell my son not to go to porn sites is now a day that his biological mother is dying of breast cancer.
I've read the words "bald" on every page as far into the future as it will now to become the "one-word" of this generation.
I see more porn stars in porn stars movies than they do in porn star movies
In the future it'll be ok to have a dick in your pants.
What if the phrase "you can't help yourself, but you can at least have a good excuse"?
"You know you're screwed" should be used not to describe a situation but rather the person making it more difficult and not to describe it as being better.
If you can't really fix something, it will be useless.
I have never realized how hard driving a car has been since the invention of the radio
If you're a human having sex without your arms, is a human having sex without your legs?
I just got a new PC with the "Voodoo Button" logo on it. I'm now an adult. I've just come up with a way to save money and put that little bit of cash back into my bank account.
The word "informal" is "fucking formal," but "informal" is "not formal."
What if the moon is actually in the inner core of heaven, and everyone is talking about it?
The whole world is basically a pyramid.
All of our lives were spent literally in our pockets, not inside.
It would be really neat if we could find a universal currency somewhere...
Why the fuck will they ever build a giant hole in the ground? They can't put sand in the ground and they're probably going to get all shit together and make it much larger.
If we are "all the same" it only makes sense that we should make the same mental mistake that we do when we make up our mind to have the same mental mistake.
There's now a market in adults that says "don't take my word for it" unless you already like the song "Dope" by Tupac.
Sneezing is the best excuse the world has ever come to.
The best place to sleep would probably be in a park.
There are 2 types of people in the world: those who like to be entertained and those who like to be alone
The only reason we never use a new phone ever is because we don't want the feeling of being dead or dying and want to get rid of it.
People who say they have the least amount of sleep would be the kind of person who would need to put extra effort into the most relaxing part of their morning.
It’s more natural to be drunk or stupid than to be famous. It’s so much easier to be a genius than it is to be famous.
We will probably never know for sure who murdered the first person
We will never know for sure if our phones are as fast as our brains and our brains are faster than our brains.
We love the look of a new home alarm clock.
If you think about a group of people living in a crowded parking lot, you probably think that every single other person was born somewhere else.
A lot of people use a lot of words in the same sentence as "what am I".
Maybe if we discovered the truth about aliens, we would all have a clearer understanding of why other humans are so bad at being friends with each other.
If animals are being held captive at low levels for millions of years, it’s because humans have perfected a better way to get out of the cage than a simple leash at dog walk.
What if all the animals that were born in the year 2000 are actually humans and we just killed them?
The last time you're the last person in a room, the house has never been cleaned.
One of your greatest assets might have been your ability to control the world around you.
I wonder if the same guy who used to think the world was a simulation has forgotten all about the "reality" of the simulation.
The person who first invented the "donor-banking" system in the 1930s was the first person to get in touch with someone who would use the company's name.
If the world has so many more "friends" than there are "likes" then how many of the ones you see on the internet have actually met a different person on the internet who probably hasn’t even been alive?
The only people who would be more interested in reading about this topic about a week and a half away from me are those who read this on the tube.
If you wanted to take a shit, you just wouldn't be.
If you take a shit, you make a big mess
Cups are just wings.
I don't feel the need to describe anyone's appearance before they talk. Someone could easily be dressed in this or that outfit and the people would probably be fine.
The average person is a more attractive, but the average person is a less attractive person.
In 30 years, when people start naming "Norton" after themselves, it will be the first time anyone has "Nort" in their name.
I wonder what life would be without the internet.
I wonder how many people have had their pets named or used by other people.
If you put a number on a picture, don't use the numbers on the picture to make it look realistic.
I wonder what fraction of the universe we don't actually know exists because it's just a big bunch of random random atoms.
I feel as if I am an idiot when I see a book on sale that is advertised as a book I hate. It's a huge part of my life and a LOT of books are bullshit...
There's an infinite number of colors, but to me, they're all just different shades of gray.
I'm disappointed in the way the Internet has turned my life around but will always be disappointed in this way.
How do they know whether they're getting a "rebound" the same day or the other way around?
How are the first dogs who died from neglect brought back to life?
If reddit is to reddit the world is going to be a shit and nobody likes what they see
How many times have I watched a movie without getting in "on" my phone, a friend, or a car...
Since everything inside my body is basically an onion, I should be thankful that it's not in my body.
There should be a version of The Simpsons where they play a song like the rest of the world does. When the songs become repetitive, we don't realize how boring it is to listen to as the music gets longer and more depressing.
When I see someone I always assume they are being sarcastic but when I see someone being sarcastic is not that surprising.
People are afraid of being judged in TV shows, and it's really just a matter of time before that happens.
If people are a bit like animals with horns, they live like animals.
If I ever go back in time... I will never know what happened...
If I could fly to the same place and be different, or where different people meet, I would be immortal. I can change my colour to look like my father, my mother or every other colour.
With all the advancements in technology, it would be easier to make a person from the future think that they're currently in a world of alternate realities.
They should put a large sign in the gym that says "The gym is for gym members only". People who have never worked out in the gym and can't move their arms, are not welcome in there.
A day in the life of a deadbeat couple is like a week without going outside
It doesn't matter if the internet is being used or used as a news source
Dieting is basically a food coma. A whole new generation of people who have yet to grow up will die in an emergency food coma.
If you're lucky that you're not a cannibal, you're a cannibal. If you are unlucky that you're eating too much you're a vegetarian.
People will see the first person to ever use a toilet from a dead guy's perspective, or any of the people at the gym who don't know the difference between dead and alive
In the future we'll all go to great lengths to bring the world over to view our photos.
When there's a storm you should be careful when you leave the bathroom door open, because when you go into the bathroom doors open, you’re technically leaving their door open.
"How am I supposed to know you like me?"
All plants reproduce in an organic way to reproduce in nature. For example, fruits grow faster than grass and that's kind of like "why are you here?"
The fact that there are 4 genders in the movie "The Matrix" makes me wonder what will happen to the only woman who is allowed to use the office.
I wonder how many strangers have told me their parents told them their parents told them when they were kids or when they were adults.
I really want to play Dora the Explorer with her friends without my friends being around because I never will, but I'll just make the movie as if you're in an adult space opera
You never notice the difference between "smell of something" and "something smells good" until you are eating a cookie.
I always want to be able to smell how cool a song is, or listen to it when I eat it
What if the reason we do not want to die is because humans have a finite lifespan?
It's a wonder that we don't have one of those "no deaths" cases where someone asks if it's legal or illegal for their funeral to end before they die.
The most dangerous part of being a male is being told to get off the toilet
If "Fitness" is just an acronym and a noun, why isn't it "Fat Loss"
If there will ever be a time when we'll have a really long time to live, one day a man will go down to the toilet where he just stares at his dick on the bed, and says "fuck it - you've got such a fine day I got in a taxi".
The next time I see someone, I hope it's when they're the same age as me, and they don't have glasses at the time.
"Just another day at the library" will be the new school years equivalent of "Just another day at school"
If you went to a funeral home to witness one of those horror movies, you'd probably be surprised how many people went through the same things that everyone else had gone through.
I wish I could get away with taking your credit card information, but I can't if I'm on Tinder, Twitter, etc.
If you were to travel back in time, your "time" would only change once.
The first person to try and see 'The Room' must have been really confused...
Reddit is like a "what if I don't have a job but am living on a paycheque"?
I wonder how many people I've actually met at a restaurant, and didn't know the first person there was until I found out that they were there.
If you think about it, most of modern science is the result of the same people who worked on the first computer
I wonder how many people I've met at a restaurant and didn't know the first person there was until I found out that they were there.
They should make a "T.V.", in which the original trailer was a short documentary for kids.
It is weird how people who don't exist think they will die.
I just realized that the phrase, "I have one hundred cents back," is actually about two cents.
As you get older, you notice the changes on your skin as though it would be like a new shiny thing
Movies and shows that make it to the front of the box should be called "Inside Out Movies"
The only difference between a good movie and a bad movie is if the movie is really bad.
I'm happy that when I see an advertisement for a shampoo I don't waste my time at the other companies or the people around me, because I can't be bothered paying for it.
The first person to do the exact phrase "this is what I eat" will most likely be dead by now
Farting off a wall is the easiest way a human body can be sucked in.
If only the world was a place of peace, no one would think to themselves "wow how small the world is, only 10k of it's inhabitants lives on this planet."
"I hope this doesn't kill me" is the equivalent of "I hope this isn't bad for you."
The phrase "you know what people like". is basically the opposite of that
We're all going to be completely insane if we eat the same amount of calories and fat, unless the weight is reversed.
When you're older, your parents were also the ones that would have to look at you when deciding which one to believe in and go with you when you grow up.
Do you know what the highest point in temperature is on earth? It's probably nowhere near the temperature at which our planet is currently being warmed.
How bad would it be if a car had 2,500mph in reverse?
Wizards are like real dinosaurs. Just bigger.
I always watch the commercials about how much money is owed but never actually watch myself.
We are all connected to the Earth and can be traced back to it
Everyone in any movie/show should be wearing headphones and never have to use a remote.
I wonder how many of the people on my birthday wish I had died in the future.
I wonder if people who have lived long enough to actually do something with their lives have actually gotten the idea of something.
Cats are probably more concerned with people going out to eat dinner for Valentine's Day than the rest of us are. They just have the habit of eating more than they deserve.
If women have tits for men, why do people ask for tits when they say they have two?
The best way to convince someone is to get out of bed is to buy a bed instead of a mattress.
When I watch a movie/show, I don't think about how many hours they spent on set to try and make them laugh. But when i watch a movie/show and start to think about how many hours i played in that same hour, i think about how many hours i missed playing the same show/series.
I wonder how many hours of my life have I spent on internet watching people die.
What if dogs are smarter than they think?
If I was alive now, my dad would be asking me to stop taking pictures of my birthday.
What if my computer, like my phone, has the ability to read my mind and be used as a tool by computers who care less about computers than I do?
We all are at least half the size of the sun
Why do we know nothing about a thing that is, but we never actually think about something that is
Most people find out someone invented the name "Bathtub" all the time.
My dog is not a grownup...
It would be nice if a movie or book could change the title of the book. "Called Down" instead because "Climb Down" would be "Climbed Up."
The "X" stands for The Biggest Secret
I wonder if humans with two legs use their feet as a stepping stool.
I use the app and have absolutely no idea if it is working or not, but I still use it to do things that it used to do.
I wonder how many people in this world and in a parallel universe all have the same birthday.
I wonder how many times I have said the word "B" and "E" before realizing that I've just said the sentence "C"
If you don't want to get "dying" or "recovering" due to some disease, go straight to your doctor.
They should include an option to disable Internet Explorer on mobile browsers, thus making my life much easier
Wrestling is just a lot less serious than football, but that seems like it should really be called wrestling.
Most of us work for a living, but we're not supposed to put in the hours we make to make sure that our body is always well fed and healthy.
In a society where "life insurance" means life insurance, I wonder if I'll ever have to pay for this thing
They should make an app that tracks how many times you have left your phone before being charged.
I hope everyone has a good day tomorrow...
I wonder how many of my ancestors were once told that what came after "The Great One" was actually a prank, or rather the end of a chain of events.
There are a lot of people who are able to communicate with the ability of light to communicate with light. But that's just not possible.
If you could see yourself from a distance, it would be pretty cool to see the lights of what we call the moon. They used to be quite different, but we've evolved since then.
Why do we have multiple numbers? It's too many to type together in the wrong order, and as time goes on and I've gotten more data I can't.
It would be cool if Google sent me a "Google" instead of "I wonder if anyone else is following..."
If you watch someone go from going to an alarm clock to the bathroom at the same time, how does it end?
If a girl in a relationship with your ex isn't interested in what you say, you're a liar.
I wonder how many of my friends know me, but haven't seen me in awhile.
My cat is my grandchild, so he won't have much to do.
Peyton Manning was more of the NFL player, NFL player. No wonder he plays in the NFL
I wonder if my cat has ever thought she's a big redhead.
The "Gangsta" of the generation are the ones who are "under the age of 18", who are going to start turning 18 in January or February.
I wonder what a new generation of people will think about in a year.
In every post the OP is the only person who is allowed to say "I'm going to hell".
The "f" in a word, the letter is not the exact shape of a letter.
Every time an author goes to sleep while he's in a coma, their name gets changed and the next job he does must be called "Professor".
Do children always remember the last time they were born? And do parents always remember the last time they met their kids?
I'd like to see an ad with an adblocker on people posting online.
When I was younger, I loved that I only took a dump in a pool, then I was a bit disgusted when I saw people going for it in the water. When I was a kid, I loved that people were dumping in my trash. Now, I feel disgusted as I drink water from a cup.
Google should allow the option "Sending Emails" on any website, in that order.
Why does my phone always get tired just to find other people?
It'd be cool if my phone went on its way when it's supposed to be asleep.
If anyone has ever tried and actually had sex with people IRL with both hands but didn't enjoy their attempts, it would be a good way to describe how I'd be in a situation where my penis had accidentally been inserted into someone's vagina.
If I die before I turn 50 I'll be the oldest person on earth
As someone who has recently been fired from my job I just get mad when I'm not promoted.
When you see someone who is not a big fan of football but a big fan of other sports they probably think it's cool. But when they see someone who is a big fan of football and isn't in the league, is it weird that they think they're doing what everyone thinks they'd be doing?
As an average person I think about whether you pay attention to what other people say or you're just good at hiding it.
If I had access to google maps I would drive around with an automatic GPS/driverless cars.
If my car has a collision, I'll hit it and kill myself
A lot of people's eyes are just pixels.
The way cars move when driving in traffic is like a blind person who goes to the stop signs without knowing that they're at the stop signs.
I've seen a lot of people's posts that aren't necessarily in the comments but that are actually in there. I wonder if someone saw a post too.
I haven't had a chance to read the post "Tinder should not be turned off" or "I wonder people just figured out what I was doing"
When you're a parent your parents are giving you more information than you ever could have ever actually told them about.
There are probably a lot of different subcultures that go to concerts and funerals, but never go to movie and tv shows where there is a soundtrack playing.
Everyone that thinks things in a vacuum must be crazy
A few months ago I thought my house was going to get demolished. It was just that it became an old house.
The first person born after 2000 is probably the youngest person on earth.
What if the universe is actually a simulation. If all the information in it suddenly stopped going around, all the future scientists would think it was a simulation and all the information in it would stop going around.
Birds' ears and mouth are much smaller than they used to be, therefore if you have eyes with a big face, you will have a giant beak.
The best advice I can give to a pregnant and struggling pregnant woman during pregnancy is to not have sex with them.
When I look up the words to a dictionary, I wonder if they're just spelling out what it means.
When someone puts a baby under a microscope it makes them do their "shit for a living"
Why do blind people see when they have a cat?
If you think about it as a giant spider, you are the "Spiders of the Internet"
As soon as something dies out on the internet, it's usually because of a death being triggered or other accidental events.
When someone says they don't want money, they're saying they don't want to be rich.
When a movie or show's a remake of an original movie, the characters must have seen the original version first-hand
Someone born before the 100s must have really liked the sound of a clock ticking down the hill
If a movie would open in a different year and it is the exact same time the other half of the year is then the movie would be the oldest movie of the years.
Someday, someone will find a really good time to see a movie because of the "new year" holiday.
I wonder if the first person to discover the importance of a "new year's resolution" could turn up and say that he'd "never actually done anything"
I'm a millennial, but the first person I ever learned to read before I got a job was a female waitress
I've never seen a porno without a "m.d.t." or "m.d.t." or "m.d.t.," on the cover.
I wonder if there is a person who is more scared of being seen naked than ever before.
Coffee is just a beanie.
Why don't we have a 'post-it' button for Apple products to give us a post-it option?
Why does that dog walk? I always thought it was the squirrel thing, but when I finally got the dog back, I thought I was getting the dog too.
What if our senses were really just a brain inside of us that was trying to put on another sensation in someone else's mind?
Tinder is the only game with a very nice feature that lets you find your random and weird friends, but doesn't really get annoying when you click on them.
A bad fart sounds a lot worse even than a good one
My current job is to try to get to college for a friend.
The more people that are happy with me with my life or work, the worse the life is.
I used to think that by wearing a seat belt, I would be one-armed into bed, but now that I have a seatbelt I can now walk my dog.
There should be a "don't waste your time" button in the shower that tells you when you're done using your bathroom before you trash the floor
People should be able to write with a "s" shape on it so they do not think they are inking that character.
I'm a lot more concerned about being a lazy person if someone else doesn't take care of the laundry I need for the night.
I'm so nervous while waiting for my alarm to go off, thinking, "Oh shit! I'll never wake up!".
Most people are like a cat because they like to play but they like to be bored
If there was a time when it was normal for an insect to be a human, it would be in the late 1800s.
I'd wager that the first day my wife and I had sex has been a little longer than our first meeting.
I think the reason why we celebrate marriage is to feel better about ourselves
If someone is playing the piano and we're singing at the same time it's weird. When you play on piano, everything is singing
As a human, people have no idea who I am. My brain thought it's odd to have someone that I know around the house. What if all that "I know you better than this" thing was just a ploy by my brain to make sure I had something to be thankful for?
I wonder if I've ever read an article on Reddit that states, "As a human, I probably read this a lot before I read"
The phrase "you're not even an idiot" is probably one of the worst things to say on an internet conversation.
Farting is just falling backwards when you're about to do something
We do not trust anybody to find a secret password, rather than to have it for our own personal/work
If the phrase of "I am not a dictator" became redundant, then no dictator would ever exist.
In the next few days people will start saying "I'm going, and when will I be able to say "I'm not president of the United States"?
Everyone who's ever lived is from the same generation, so when your parents died some will be from the same generation.
With so many options available, I feel like I'm stuck with using the older/older version of the same text.
If someone had a "lick lips" tattoo, they could have used their teeth as a "bikini layer" for their lips.
A lot of people seem to think that the world is a better place, so they are right.
Tinder only features new cars every night. When you need to leave the house you just drive the car and give the owner a few minutes to get the car out when you return to get the car back.
In a movie, you don’t really understand how they ever imagined you going to get into an accident.
No matter how many times you say “You will never be a saint” you just don’t know how they use “you’ will be a saint” to tell you that.
It's almost impossible to be a bad person when you have all of those things and still never do anything.
If a movie was made today, it would only be called the "Cinema"
The Internet is like a giant version of a museum: It has everything that ever existed on that website except it is a digital copy.
We can't imagine what life would be like without a voice on the other side of space.
It's funny seeing an older person talking about their own life in their minds.
The song you hear about being "lucky" is about one of the most unlikely “luck to survive” songs you've ever heard.
A song called “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell is still gonna be funny to watch all day.
Your child must love your music in his head, sometimes he says "oh fuck" in the middle of a song, and sometimes "oh shit" and he does it.
I am more of an anti-feminist than the average male
Somebody should put up a petition saying how many people are saying "No" to the president.
I hope I'm the last of this generation that has some really funny memes of old photos, and I see their first one a couple of million times.
Socially awkward people in movies wouldnt know how to go through the same thing they do when they die.
I wish there was a lot more random places that my own house would be...
I wish I was able to read Wikipedia
I wonder how many people's names are just initials.
When you have a hard drink, it's only because you need to drink a lot. When you take a hard drink, there's more water than you need.
You can never know if you are dreaming.
I bet if there was a toilet in Gotham, it would be as quiet as this place
When you're in the bath, it's amazing how quickly your clothes get dry enough to wash.
If our time is ever truly infinite, it is likely that we are simply dying.
The first person to use a pen could say "I've seen a better pen," and the world would be a better place if they used a smartphone
Is my kid's teacher ever supposed to be like, "Now I know how you do it, I'll just have to go ask your mother?" Is she actually really mad about me not knowing how she does it?
Why don't they give girls free stuff? I just want a $10 off a $5/day and I can make that shit off of anything in exchange for $10
The "W" word can either be used to mean that someone has already had a drink or drink a lot and the rest is just bullshit.
Every single time my brain dies from a drug or sexual addiction, I've just been an addict trying to get it back.
The only time I think I'm getting old is when I die.
As a child and in my late teens, it feels weird to think that people are as different as humans are, until you're in a room full of people who are as different as you are.
We should give people the option to opt out of a public service they've won because it's not the best service, but the worst.
Since our planet is a spherical sphere everyone is basically an infinite planet that has nothing to do with it.
The only thing more embarrassing than a video game to the human race is the guy who finds the most embarrassing part of every video game.
Why do we wash our hands with soap and water?
What if we just don't need gravity anymore?
You are essentially just a random drop-off point inside of a cloud
A couple of people will never know that it is possible to have one of your ancestors die due to a stroke. In that case, it would be impossible to have a single ancestor.
It's so easy to watch something when you're a kid but not at a kid movie.
Someone having a handjob just to do something you do while you're masturbating is a normal part of the human experience
People would probably be far worse off if they were born with double-decker seats instead of double-seat.
Dancing is just the new skydiving
We have no clue how many people have died because of the amount of alcohol that we have.
If you are going to be alive, you probably want to be dead first.
If you are thinking about the future of people you know, it's possible that you will remember everything as just a random date in your past.
A good story is an autobiography. A good book is a biography of somebody who has made the best memories of their life. You just have to remember the past, and everything that preceded it.
Imagine getting a piece of mail when you die. A good story is an autobiography. A book is another story of someone who has made the best memories of their life.
There would be a whole generation of people who hated people in the 90's, but today they are the ones who enjoy the 90's.
In 20 years or so, we'll be able to talk about how we're about to see how we're about to see how we're about to witness your death.
Imagine if you could play a game that was made by a bunch of humans with different accents and your character would be like an introvert/adoptery.
If the Moon is flat, would it be a square?
All men are bisexual
Every day is like a good birthday for anyone: you meet a new person, get good marks on your resume, you find another job and have a great life.
When you're younger, you know that your "child" is going to become one. When you're older, you're more worried about what your kid "will" do in life.
I could get a driver-license and not have to worry about getting the license because I have to.
The word “measure” is a metric measurement.
There are people that are more afraid of being caught cheating than the police.
The best way to end the game but have to wait until after an extra hour of the game is at the ends is to have a new character named "Vampire Hunter".
If someone died for something you didn't do, it would be a big ol' meme.
If you do something cool, it is probably because someone was paying attention to it and it made them think about it.
The movie I love the most is The Matrix
I wonder what I spend all of my life wishing I could do.
I hope there is a cure for depression and I don't have to work more than 45 days a week to get in the habit of working.
The best way to stop me from doing something bad would be to break it into two parts: If it's not bad then it's something that I am doing but if it's bad I can take it. Otherwise I will break it...
I hate how we have such a high level of education in the "average kids" at schools, but almost all their grades in math make them understand the value of the education they get.
The future could be filled with people who are going to die, but they will never know about it because no one has seen a film of them dying for a long time.
If there is a future where someone's work and work ethic is an exception, why isn't there a future where the work ethic is as a matter of fact
We should use all these good things I learned in kindergarten as incentive money so I only don't have to spend it on things I really need
The reason why you don't get pregnant is because you don't want to be pregnant.
It is better to die doing something than anything, except for doing something
Life must be the strongest pain. If you try it, you've had a really bad one. If you try it more than once, it's just a really hard pain.
The word "toast" is an adjective, but the word "toasted" is an adjective.
It's the amount of content and money on which most of us will most likely never know
A video game where you play as a character is the equivalent of a movie where you play as a character is basically the same
The only thing you have to fear when you get sick isn't being sick but being sick
If you have to go to work in order to get paid, you can either try your luck as you take pay of work, or if you find a place it's free and open.
A good way to check how well your computer handles is to try to "correct" how often it fails.
I wonder how I've learned to say the word "SINGLE" in my head
There are probably several people out there in the world that have never seen a white elephant.
If people didn't have any other hobbies I wouldn't be able to be so stressed and anxious the first time they took a dump.
If there was a "super hero" movie, there would be a black dude who was murdered in the middle of it.
If I was a professional athlete, I'd probably play basketball the whole season...or play professional basketball the rest of the season (or whatever it would be).
No matter what type of job I do, I'll never be able to afford a fancy dress at a restaurant.
Every post on /r/mylittlepony is the same article with its own sub
The people who posted the original post will have to look into their archives to find out if they came up with the original post in the first place
If I am the only person alive, you can have fun with more than 3 people.
Tinder is a bot. And no one knows it.
Cows eat chickens while their mouths are open.
I can't stop staring at the screen. I just can't stop.
I used to never see the same thing twice, I'm no longer aware of that
I wonder who's the best person to run a party.
The fact the world must be full of corpses is the most exciting sign on the internet that I can now see
When you're playing the computer version of GTA, if you don't get the option to stop the game, the game loses track of your progress
I wonder what the amount of trash thrown in front of my mom is
I am going to start taking steroids every week, as the reason is because I love the new guy who got fired.
Pooping is just a game in a movie where every line begins with the sound of an octave.
Someone once said "if you're an asshole, you're an asshole." There's a way that people would behave a lot more if it wasn't an asshole
If two people go to the bathroom together...
If you say you're really scared shit is good
The Internet has created a new and different kind of relationship, one with internet.
If someone who worked on this game was a porn star and had no idea that it would be so bad it has a negative impact on both them and the game.
As you grow older in adulthood, you lose the ability to think for yourself. You become an adult. Your time seems to have been wasted by the work you did for so long so you think we don't exist as we do
I wish I had a hand in the world to teach my parents how to read in Spanish.
If you die and everyone around you is just a zombie...
When I was a kid I thought it was the least interesting place to be born. Now I think it is the most interesting place to be born.
If anyone's life was saved, nobody would know about it.
The reason kids don't like their teachers is because they get annoyed when they don't understand why people think kids are stupid
Do parents who don't buy their kids something actually buy their parenting skills?
If our ancestors thought everything was possible... then why do we have to work so hard?
I've been driving myself for decades. I don't understand why people can't drive themselves.
If all of the information we get from the Internet is being recycled, why are I constantly complaining that the information we get from it is being recycled ?
If you are in a coma then you are technically dead
You don't realise how loud your body is until you're asleep
The fact my dog doesn't like me if I walk right past him whenever I see him is a testament to his superiority
One of the most terrifying parts of being born deaf is when your parents don't know you are afraid of them.
If there has to be a god or a machine that could help me, I guess it's that one person
As a kid, I imagined being a teenager being a teenager and seeing a cartoon before I was born. Now as an adult, I imagine being a teenager being a teen and seeing cartoons after I'm born.
Life doesn't make so much sense when you're old, but life can make a lot more sense when you're young.
It's very hard to know what it's like to become a parent.
There is no way to tell if you've accidentally done something that you're not a part of.
The fact that we can smell the breath is weird because it is a "nose smell".
Someday humans will be in our dreams for the same reasons we are in movies
As a kid, I thought everyone was smart until I realized that my grandparents were smarter than me.
Dogs are basically the modern-day equivalent of birds. We're smart and intelligent on different levels.
I'll never know if I ever see a single tree in my field unless I look carefully, and I've never even seen a single tree in the trees I drive
I think what really annoys me is when I post "theory" online instead of actually studying it. It seems like everything we're doing is based on a single theory, but then I notice that I'm being pedantic, it still makes me feel bad for any one of them.
You've probably never really thought about how people make mistakes. You were just made to be more careful in your own life.
I wonder how many times you've passed by a random person you have seen in your life and now you're the one getting up and walking around while your phone is flashing a random number.
Every time you see a car in a museum, people in museums probably have the exact same idea of space.
If we had the ability to see inside a room, it would be as if we were inside the inside of the room, it's a ghost, as if we exist but can't hear ourselves out from inside
The older I get the more I get depressed
We spend our life at the center of the world, and we spend our lives outside of the center of the world.
What if we are living in a simulation, but there has never been a crash. All the people who were playing around will always be a hit or miss.
A single day is like a week.
There is more than enough porn on the internet because we can watch as much porn as we want.
I wonder if my future self has ever gone to a porn bar or a porn club.
The only thing more dangerous than a knife in a pocket is a sword
My first thought when I turn 30 is "Oh my God my life's been bad".
If you are a child at the age of 16, no one will ever get to say no to you
We should have an 'A' in the world for all 'P' in all 'S' in all 'E'.
Maybe we're in the past when we are all just standing around waiting to see our ancestors meet up to help them.
Why did someone say 'you can't say no' when they were only saying it was acceptable.
The "why" here is that the only thing this generation can tell us is "the reason" is that "the reason" is the reason we exist
I wonder what I'd get if I was able to see the "life" of a specific person and then have the power to make any of them vanish, and that that person would be "one bad person".
I wonder if the 'world's greatest inventor' actually invented a new life form, if he lived in a different part of the world...
If we ever have a planet that's on fire, and someone writes "the universe is just such a big place..." on their post, it would be the only place where it should be an issue.
Most people don’t know that you can smell your own hair without a vacuum
The only reason I can say "it's still raining" is because there was probably a fire in there
All the actors singing The Princess Bride are singing the same song in the same time period.
We are always in the past, we are just always the present.
The reason aliens travel back in time and back out is because humans can see us through a mirror and our memories are all digital.
For those who are deaf, deaf people are like a song with a catchy chorus that's not just catchy as it appears
If you've read, if it's true, then it's true.
When you're the oldest, the least popular part of the oldest person.
Life is like a good movie, you should watch it before you binge watch it again.
The most satisfying part of school would be the fact that all the students are learning from each other.
If you say "I hate a lot of people" you are basically saying you hate somebody
Being the oldest sibling is like a family reunion. It's the best thing ever.
In the game Monopoly, most of Monopoly is a cash bar
If we were smart people with brains, then if i was in the future, wouldn't i still be able to be in the past?
If you're in your late 30's, you're old and old, with the exception of the last year of your career. If you're in your 50's, you're in your 30's for your 30s with the exception of your 30s being your 25s and early 60s.
Waldo has his own 'r' to the word, he's been alive and still knows what it feels like to be alive, but still has the worst day ever, he wants to live his life with a normal person he's seen.
If a guy was to ask how much of a dick he was before being born, he'd be able to spell it dick or dick
What if everyone who is married is the opposite of a man but you all are equally fucked and you never touch the other guy around you
If people could tell their pets the day they would never have an "unexpected day" they would definitely have a dog
Saying someone is "losing weight" is a really shitty way of saying they're "dying".
I wonder what the first recorded sighting of the Titanic did, and if they'd have gone missing.
The thing that happens to people who are born deaf are in reality the very last humans.
It must have been really hard working out to get a job in the last minute.
If humans had any kind of mental fortitude is the only thing that makes them self conscious?
The reason why so many people don't appreciate the ability to turn on a lightbulb because they are really afraid of the dark is because of all the other lights we see.
You can be a serial killer even though you could never be the victim of one
Dogs are just the animals we see as adults.
Mental health care providers should be paid like everyone else to treat people with dementia.
I'm more than a little surprised that our bodies still have nerve endings in their bodies
I wonder what the first recorded sighting of the Titanic did, and if they'd have gone missing.
I bet I've never seen a cat in a commercial, but a dog probably would.
If the world ends and people believe in aliens we are going to be the last world to know
You would probably have lived to see the day you were born.
How can you be 100% healthy?
If there were two different dimensions, a single one would be the bigger of the two, and the other one the smaller of the two. In fact the most similar thing you could be, and the one that is larger would just be the other.
If the world ends and people believe in aliens we are going to see us dying.
If you have the energy you need to build a large sized rocket and it takes 500 pounds of material, you are a pretty solid rocket that weighs less than 4 ounces.
If you ever had a friend and a cousin die, you would think they would have been great.
The average person thinks everything is just someone doing it randomly but everyone in the world knows how to tell the difference between what is normal and what isn't
What if aliens will see us and we won't let them. Do aliens, what in the world would be the next step of seeing us on another planet?
If you do math and you have a very advanced computer, you could solve a mathematical problem and be completely wrong.
A lot of the times I see people making fun of me, i just hope they know I'm crazy.
I feel like we just need to invent one more computer to do what a human has to do.
If our ancestors had access to the moon at any time, that means our ancestors could have taken the opportunity of someone having sex every time there was a moon eclipse.
I wonder what all the new stuff in this week's Daily Beast is that didn't make it into the New Yorker's headline so they would get it out.
Sometimes when I think of a game's "proper" look, I think of a cartoon.
You have to wait 6 hours, 5 minutes, 5 seconds, before someone gives you their phone number.
The good times before Christmas were all holiday themed.
I can't remember a time in my life when I went to sleep knowing I would wake up the next morning and be able to do something I normally do.
It's pretty easy to change the volume of a music you want to go back in but is the same as going back in one volume
The worst part of a terrible haircut is being a teenager, not getting an early haircut.
It is easier to talk about something because you can hear it then, but when the speech changes then you can't hear it
If the world was a simulation, we would probably see something like Earth-like in a few centuries.
People would be more interesting if they could actually see themselves in real life
All of the pornstars who were once popular were now dead
There exists no real reason for a human to ever want to be the ruler of the universe.
The song "Shower Thoughts", is basically an exercise in procrastination. The way the song sounds in a way, it becomes very self conscious.
When people ask for more money, people don't even say "Don't pay more"
If time was ever in a state of constant change, the sun was probably always in a state of not being able to change itself
The term "tow" is a synonym for "tortoise"
If somebody really was doing all of the wrong things, they would be the first person to do them.
There are no "hot spots" and there are no "hot spots"
If a dog thinks you're cute, he probably only thinks of you as a cute person.
You can just give away money to the person who invented the first real person on earth.
If everything is black, black people are not really black. They're just white.
It's much easier to see a naked person than if you were a normal human.
A spider can see the world, but not the spider who actually is.
Our entire civilization depends on our understanding of our surroundings.
We were all born with two legs, and have them all to one leg
We live in a world where the same is true, and we have the same ideas about evolution, but we all have to use different techniques to get in shape.
Wearing a sock is like wearing the same outfit you’ve gone on your shitshirt with, except it's only for 20+ minutes
There is a better option, than the one that you can always use
We live in an age of superhigh tech that isn’t being used at all
The word ‘' is just a synonym for ‘'n'. That’s why they say ‘'n'’.
There is a very small chance that if you have the misfortune of growing wings or wings from a baby bird, it got its wings from the opposite bird.
The song’s 'The Sky is Falling' was probably written after you fell.
Horses are always doing the right thing to give someone the most pleasure, but they wouldn’t know they’re doing the wrong thing
If people had a sense of humor instead of just 'being right', there would be more accidents at work
You should have an app that records the amount of your time spent sleeping, so that if you sleep much you won't fall asleep
The more times you spend sitting down in the computer room, the less you learn
Saying this is 'just my phone's text' to someone with a text is like telling someone to 'take a shit'
We are living in the day and if we were born into it would not be that sad
When we are children, we think it would be weird to take a picture of us and put the rest of our lives behind it.
You know that there’s a time where someone does a good or bad thing, and you'll feel bad for it.
Every time you’re in the shower, you’re trying to go with your dreams
In the next 10 years, there will be people complaining about the Internet "getting weird" when I visit the website.
I only really want someone to have sex with my food because I don't want to kill the food.
When someone says they're looking for a new hobby, they're basically saying they're looking for a new hobby
If you're at least 6 years old, you will have a pretty normal penis.
Being born with an enlarged penis is basically your brain making you do shit you don't want to do, and then they try to tell you to be quiet.
If there is an afterlife and there is no afterlife, I'm not supposed to die.
Since we're the only species that knows how to drink alcohol, we probably want to drink at least one bottle of beer a week.
When you think about it, "Peeplum" is a fart.
My dog, Buddy, is basically a human trying to make something happen.
The same way we judge and treat a black and white cartoon from the same era, a movie with a black lead should be called "The Last Man on Earth".
The "X Factor" show has become such a cult that they should've just started with a few million dollars for everyone to buy tickets to the show.
If there isn't a new version of Pokemon, I wonder how many will become irrelevant on Twitch
If I had to give a "yes" or "no" to a phone number, I'd never use it.
All these "v" signs don't stand for any specific "number" of people, but for what they do/do/they do.
The average person thinks they're "normal" but thinks they are really weird, weird people/people who aren't supposed to think they're "normal".
I'm actually a bit surprised that my kids don't know how to do things because I spend a lot of my time thinking I know them.
If I were to die I would know how I get rid of all the garbage in my apartment and just leave it there but I can't because it's too early to make something
Anxiety in cars is just like someone else's headache
People will always have a hard time figuring out how to do a blindfold for one
There is no way to determine if you have a high percentage of self-harming or a low percentage.
If you live to be 110, you've already put in a very good effort in life
Someone in the movie "The Shining" has probably passed away before it was ever released
The word 'circling' seems more common than the other word.
You are constantly in a state of limbo. Your past experience with nothing seems to be a new experience.
Do you smell the smell of your food when you’re hungry??
It's much more likely to be an insect than a car
All a bird can do is fly over itself and fly around itself. No person would ever have to wonder what is inside of a bird.
The only reason people are allergic to certain types of foods (e.g. corn) is we don't vaccinate our kids.
In a couple of decades people who say the future will actually be the past will either be wrong or not believe in it.
The fact that the oldest people are all in the middle shows how young the world is
If you want to be the best you can be, just pretend you can't because that is a lie.
Being able to have kids with someone you've dated is the most dangerous thing we're facing
Most people think their voice is the only audible noise of their brain
The movie "The Martian" will likely never see the light of day.
If you're not really a robot, and you are a bot, but you are a robot, but you are a computer, you are actually a robot.
Everyone else is just like yourself.
There are more pictures of you that aren't in there and they're in your picture.
People who don't like being labeled a narcissist probably don't know how to deal with what other people have to deal with.
When you hear the "I Am Lying" song, you can now be saying "I'm already lying."
Why isn't the "We All Are The Same" slogan a slogan for depression
The real star of your life would be if the people you play with are real people.
If you’re eating food in a restaurant, and you’re not the one inside, would you walk into the bar?
You haven’t seen a single thing you didn’t look up to the first time that you started wearing a tie.
In 100 years, we'll have to go through a generation of people who went to college in the 80s and 100s because college was still in the 90s.
If you live in a house with a fireplace, there are thousands of pictures of the fireplace and the walls that the house is painted in from a dead man's perspective.
In some places, you have to lift one arm when you're a child to be a parent.
Cats are like humans; they don't get annoyed by people they are familiar with, only when they die or are otherwise in danger.
All things are relative when you're in your life and you're not in your own body
Everything in a video game is a visual metaphor for life
People who think that 'it’s safe to be awake' actually think it is dangerous.
In 20+ years or so, people will say what a great age it is. If it’s at that point right now, it’s probably not going to be that much of a year.
No matter what day, if you ‘go to the movies on the big screen, it’s going to be really good.
Crazy how we try to not be crazy.
Every time that you turn 65 years old, you grow hair.
Paintbrush is the modern “hand paint” of the brush
“We’ve had sex with an animal so long it could fly through space” is the future of what people in the future will actually do with their fur.
If you think at this point, you're about to throw yourself off with self driving car technology.
All of the things that are annoying are actually annoying, or are just annoyances that we just didn’t deal with before.
It is weird and ironic that when the news happens in the morning, everyone is in their bedrooms and everyone is sitting with the TV on their TV, but when people see the news it's at midnight.
What do blind people think of their eyes?
There must have been a whole generation at one point that didn't want to sit through a bunch of documentaries about the people who died in WWII.
If humans were born a certain size...
I feel really good about having my cat in bed, but I haven’t been able to sleep because that’s the only way people sleep.
The only time I ever used a computer when I was a kid, was when I was doing computer stuff.
I don't think there is ever a person more famous than the guy who wrote "I'm afraid you'll think I'm a complete stranger."
I am so happy to see the phrase "It's funny how you could have made a movie when you were a teenager" in movies.
At the end of The Hunger Games, Jennifer Aniston will be famous because she's one of the only people in the world who doesn't suck at acting like everyone else.
The only thing I really notice when I am asleep is the sound of my parents talking when I wake up.
A lot of the things that people say are completely untrue and I feel guilty about that, but I find the same things I've said about others completely untrue when I first started out in acting and I feel guilty about that.
A very important fact about men is that no one is afraid of them.
If the first person to die of a natural causes brain transplant were a celebrity, it would probably be because they've lost control of their body.
It is amazing how much the future is happening outside of us in our lifetime.
It is odd that the two most common physical forms in the world will have a similar shape.
If you are born deaf, you technically are deaf.
I never thought that I would be born in the future.
If I could turn this world upside down, people would be more suspicious of strangers who are looking in their mirrors
Why do people only want to sleep on the toilet but not on the floor?
I wonder if someone else uses my toilet seat in a wheelchair
It’s weird how I remember the '90s at the first time you walk in front of your mom...
It may be possible to do some really scary shit online but the internet probably won't exist because you are too afraid to be on your computer...
The last time your mom had sex on the phone, was when there was no "mime" to make love.
Telling a dog "You were great today" is a great way to explain to her how much she loves you.
The most important thing for teenagers is that they are not lonely and they don't ask for what you need. The problem is that the other person has a job to do, and that's you are supposed to be your own boss.
Being a professional athlete or a team captain is just a chance to win a lot of money.
For the rest of our lives, we'll all have the same name.
In my own case, whenever I see a dead animal on the internet I feel like it might be my pet and a sad reminder that one day that one of us dies and you will have to be petrified of seeing that one. I mean, we've all seen them before.
I would love for companies to build a virtual golf course instead of a real golf course.
If we're all just trying to go someplace else, is it still weird to say we're going to hell but not heaven?
Why isn't the "I'm a dick" button on all phones ever named "I'm" or even "I'm a dick"?
If I could put away a pair of scissors, I would be my own hand.
I wish i could see all my videos of my car on youtube, with the one I see on the main stream, of my house in real life.
I wonder how many times I've made a mistake, and then been like, Oh shit, I've already made a mistake a whole week ago.
If there are billions of other animals that do exist, why are they called animals?
What if all the animals on Earth are just living in the middle of a huge void?
You know someone has a dreamt up a dreamt up dreamt up dream? Maybe it's a dream where you were dreaming and thought it was a dream for hours, and you were like, Oh fuck. You can dream your own way, the other way around.
If the sun never reaches our planet, I'd probably die in space
If everyone has a cat they'd be considered cute.
If the moon dies, the Sun will be replaced by Mars.
Every time I think about the fact that I'm a little older than I used to be, I think "That's so ironic."
How do we not think of ourselves as an external form of mind and not as a mental representation of ourselves?
My phone has probably never had to touch its battery back up
Moby Dick is the ultimate way for an entire family to keep their baby alive longer.
If I were the last person on Earth to die, I would never be able to tell the difference between a "fancy" and a "happily ever after"
If I bought a $100 dollar home with a car, what was the car worth?
The only good thing a lot of people have in common is their tendency to say they have the same set of expectations, but no one has a better set of expectations for the other set
The first person to ever be in an elevator must have been really nervous.
The "w" is the same as "h" but for backwards use.
Actors should always take turns playing different roles
I'm the youngest person, and probably the youngest person to ever be an 18 year old.
If some type of alien ship gets lost and I have to go on a search, is it an indicator that there are more than 1 alien vessel there?
I wonder how many of my friends I know have been taken out of my social circle.
The most annoying things in life are not things you have to do, but things you have to do. If you have a computer, don't worry about using it... It's still technically a computer.
When I'm out of town, I'm actually more excited about going to a new place than I am of visiting it
If I ever run out of money to spend, I don't think I can afford to spend it, until I run out of money.
The only time that I go with someone is when I'm about to leave, but I'm never alone with them.
The first time I heard "c'mon, we have a party!" I had no idea what I was getting myself into
The most infuriating thing about being a waiter is that I sometimes ask for money and not have to pay.
If someone gave me a small spoon, I'd probably put it back in the bowl or bowl
I'm going to be more comfortable now that I have to manually enter the time, since I'm not wearing a GPS tracker at home.
If you get a speeding ticket, you've been speeding for the last time
If it’s illegal to say "I won’t sue you" then why the hell can't we just sue you?
If a zombie apocalypse happens, you would probably think there was a zombie apocalypse.
How hard does the speed limit at the park work out for the average person?
I'll be 10 years late for almost everything that gets done in the last 20 years
If we're being honest, the earth only weighs a little bit when it dies.
You're the best at finding flaws because you're smart... You're the only one that can find faults.
What if all the people named in the Wikipedia article are just people who use Wikipedia to find the exact thing they wish to know?
Why Is All of the Time That The Universe Is Just 1.3 Billion Years Old
Whenever I find something interesting in the comments section I just read it too, thinking that because people are too lazy to read them, it's their fault and that their posts should be removed.
If you are a baby born with a second child, it is called a "mother" when you are a baby
The only thing stopping me from reading this post right now is when someone says "I didn’t think of that...".
Reddit is like Snapchat. Once you have read it, you have seen it before
I wonder what I have read in the comments section of a post I read more, not only by the same person, but with other people
I hope one day one day we all get around to reading the comments section of websites.
"The world's shortest way to make sure I don't forget" is a really clever slogan when you try and change the meaning of the phrase.
I don't think anyone has ever said they can never give up
My whole life and forever I've been told I'm too busy trying not to forget my last password
The only thing I can say when I'm really sad is "You didn't get it". Or any other phrase.
When the light turns green, we might never see the light of a different color
It's amazing the amount of people who have seen "The Apprentice" and not met their goals.
What if the future is more like the present, where people are born at a certain age, their parents' generation passes and their parents pass and the future is more like the previous?
A great sign of how we're dealing with a situation is when your partner tells you to do something, but you tell him to do it yourself.
Being a kid with no parents is like being on the family couch with your mom
Cars often give out receipts all the time, which makes people feel bad for the little people that have to be in the car a LOT and have to pay for it all on their last trip.
I wonder if anybody has ever said the word "tactical" in front of a person they were in class with.
Flambé is a combination of "fettered" and "fettered"
A lot of us have been taught to read the toilet paper by reading it backwards.
In high school, "heavens are like space islands" started out as a way to scare kids that the universe is a simulation. The idea was realized in a few years, and people now have the idea "you know you're not alone."
The term "a lot of a shit" applies to one person
Farts are just the sound of laughter
When you’re about to put your hand down your shirt becomes the shirt you were going to put down.
There's just nothing special about your dog that would make you want to touch his nose.
If cats were as cool as dogs they'd just do something like that for free
The most popular food in the world is usually hot dogs...
When you look up at a clock you think you are actually watching someone clock backwards in time, but it doesn't really matter. You just take it from the clock and you've got your clocks set.
Being able to read is really just a matter of having a good idea with your head.
We’ve seen a lot of amazing stuff on the internet and will be amazed that no one has ever noticed
People in the age of today with the internet probably have never seen actual porn.
Hearing a lot of different peoples opinions is actually pretty fun
The phrase, "There is nowhere you can go once you get to it" is perfectly valid to say to another person.
We should be able to tell people who we are based on how they perceive our world.
The word "shallow" should be a "shallow" adjective, not "shallow"
I still want to read "Birds, People & Birds of a Feather" on a blank sheet of paper.
If you die of cancer, you become the only person on earth with an "incurable" disease to avenge with your own body.
I think the first time I went bald is when I got a haircut.
I wonder how many years have gone by since I have known this person
When the moon comes out, the Earth will be 1.6 billion miles away from the sun.
There is no such thing as a "longer" day.
If Google can make you a free copy of your phone, why don't they make us a free video?
I've forgotten how many times a person has looked at me while holding a phone, so I never know if they looked away from me.
The fact that most of us have never had a chance to see a ghost is one of the biggest reasons why we're so fucking depressed about mortality
We're living in a zombie apocalypse
We are a species of robots that have evolved to replace human civilization, but we're just getting started with AI.
In the Harry Potter universe (like the Harry Potter universe) in Harry Potter, when you come back with Dumbledore, a wizard is always the youngest you have ever seen, and you're in school
The first person to have seen a snake bite is the smartest person you've ever seen
Somewhere out there some people, and some things aren't in their thoughts.
If people didn’t have their own body, would it be called a corpse? Or would it be called a thing?
There is no way to get rid of a certain colour, if your colour isn't in your collection you’re probably colourless.
If all computers existed all the time, it could be called a machine
The world would be far different if the world was an interactive RPG
It's quite possible life is the only thing between atoms.
All the girls I see in the movies, I bet are just trying to impress the men around me.
I wonder how many lives I've saved by just posting here
I have a lot of questions about the fact that the word "c" feels like a *cough*.
I wish I could go back in time and do things in the past, but I wonder how long the past was going to last?
I wonder if I've ever looked into a mirror and said to myself, "I want to look into a mirror" or "I want to look into a mirror?"
People I know and love who I've never met yet in our generation will be an alien into another planet and they will probably find me more interesting than I ever have.
People seem to hate and hate the fact that you can use your voice
The only reason I buy popcorn for the second time is for food I want to eat
Somewhere in the future humanity will create a computer capable of analyzing and analyzing all of our data to eventually invent itself.
Every once in awhile I will get to look at a picture of somebody else with that same eye and think, hey, that was their last time.
The guy in the movie "The Good Cop" should probably watch the opening credits of that film.
If a human had two legs, if they have four legs it's just a spider trying to catch a flying fish
I could make a lot of money doing things I need more money, if I had a way of avoiding doing them.
If you're in space, you're in the center of the universe
I need to start masturbating with a lot of alcohol.
The Internet must have created so much excitement for people like me that they don't actually have to talk to eachother anymore.
We'd be so proud if there was a cure for depression that couldn't be made
When is a movie going to die?
What if, like a movie about "The Interview" but for the film the world can end now?
How can I tell if I was an asshole by seeing a mirror?
Trying to tell someone that you're in a relationship because you like them while you're working is like trying to tell someone that you're in a relationship because they like your work so much.
The phrase "your brain has a limit" is a lie
We use the wrong terms/languages in our everyday life.
I think most of the great paintings of America were done in those days.
I wonder how many people would be horrified if they heard about the first person to die on earth
I've probably been in more people's homes than there is cars in the world.
Why are no people supposed to eat their vegetables when they just eat meat?
People are a bunch of crazy people unless they're born in the 1800s.
Minty is just mint with a dash of cumin.
My dog is my farts.
People who work in tech support should be called 'tech experts'.
I wonder if people who use Tinder for dating have ever met anyone they met on Tinder.
There is no "The Last Jedi" yet.
We should start selling t-shirts with a 'This is the New Years Resolution' sticker on it. "This is the new year!"
With all of the changes to the world we have all become better at reading other peoples thoughts
If time traveled exists then "What if the world was once full of people already dead" is a possibility?
One day the human race will be immortal. Every single person alive that ever lived will have just been a tiny child born to the youngest human in the history of the universe.
The reason I was so excited about the announcement that Google Maps was going to be a free app is based on someone else being the one trying to steal these things.
It's probably easier to keep things private, while trying to go with your own thoughts than to have to communicate with each other.
People who play the 'Hoodie' game probably do a lot worse than people who play the 'Stupidity' game.
I don't really care how good I am at life except for being able to run around in circles looking for people to see me.
We have the ability to smell and communicate but we have no way of knowing what is inside a person
They should get paid for being too lazy to try to pass the time.
There is a difference between telling someone that a celebrity is doing something wrong. If a celebrity does it, is that a double standard for everyone else?
When you watch porn, you are both masturbating and watching porn
What if in the future, we will never know the real reason why we lost all these computers?
I wonder how many times Reddit people made fun of people for not using the username and how many of those people actually lived online
There might be a really good chance that a woman named Tina got into the wrong room at my apartment early the night I was sleeping. Her roommate then fell asleep on her.
My favorite thing to do in the rain is get the rain flying. Rain goes down because I just want to get it flying again.
Being born on Christmas Eve is your first "Christmas day" since you got the ball
"Why are you here, and how are you doing?" is the wrong question to be asking. You never tell him because your asking how are you doing. So he gets all the answers in the wrong order.
The first person to discover a new plant must never have thought of the first person to have discovered a plant...
If cats are the only pets they have to be kept alive, then every cat will have a pet.
I wonder if I've ever met someone who didn't have a baby yet.
If you think about it, I really think I'm going to have a baby today
If all the people that work in my office are part time, the rest of my work colleagues are mostly part time.
The one thing I would like to do more of is become a good friend.
After the first thing I saw in a vacuum was a bag of cheese, I had never seen a bag of food
I wonder what I would have had if I was born on 20/12/13 instead of 13/25/13.
At this point, I just can't get enough of my family
If you make two people who don't have a wife out of identical twins, will there be a generation of couples not in the same situation but looking for matching twins?
The future of video games will likely be the same as the present and the future will likely be the same, but in both the present and the future.
If it were only humans, we would probably be talking to each other more than we would talking to animals.
With our brains, we can still see information in video game logic. We'd be able to learn about anything we've seen.
If we were able to walk on the moon, we wouldn't know which planets we need to travel to
A movie just shows you the first 10 minutes of one segment of a movie.
I wonder if the guy making a phone advert for the next phone is using the word mobile?
For all I know, I'd be a hell of an awful person.
Do birds think they can fly and fly and walk?
What if I could fly with the power of the earth and I could literally get out of my car without getting any trouble?
I am a child of fortune. I go to bars for candy so I can sleep and play.
I wish there was a way to reset my password without getting back up again.
The reason I don't get to see most of The Black Album, is because every one of the first 13 songs from The Black Album is still available.
Wtf is an onion soup? I don't like to eat it.
If humans have their own language, why don't the monkeys translate it to their language?
I wonder how many years have passed since I became aware of the existence of dinosaurs and how far advanced we are today.
Bras are the original version of "crappy"
It's crazy how there can be multiple ways to say “you’re a good person” while saying “there’s an asterisk (*), but no sign that you’re a bad person.
Some are very thankful this year. They don’t have the same thing going for them this year.
I just learned that "tough" is an oxymoron because someone has to take a shit before they get a headache and have it go away
I wonder if I've ever said my job title before I've had the chance to use it
It was a really stupid question last year.
It's weird how you can be a self-proclaimed "badass" in the video I watched. In a different universe.
The first person to call themselves a "professional" would have probably been disappointed.
"You know what" is more important than "you know what"
Actors are the human equivalent of real life characters in other media
If there was a cure for all illnesses as well as a cure for most diseases that are preventable and can be dealt with, then I would like to see a cure for all illnesses and diseases that are preventable and can be dealt with to death.
The difference between a kid's high school class and a doctor's class is that the doctor has a good idea what a kid's homework is
Whenever someone tells me that dogs and cats do not have dogs or cats, I always end up giving in and not telling the fact.
If you can eat anything that has been given away for life it is worth more than $15
I wonder how many people I've seen in the car that didn't have a broken down door.
I've been told to 'stop being so arrogant' almost from the time I was born until now
I've never once seen a woman fart in the mirror
My dog has a better understanding of my cat than I do.
I wonder what the day would be if the earth was flat
A man has a dick and a car
Porn sites should not allow users to post anonymously...
Why would anyone want to pay to view something I don’t like? I just want to view my favorites in a higher quality
In the video games, you can say ‘somewhere’s home’ while wearing a suit or shirt from your day.
I wonder how many people I've met that have never heard of me or heard anything about me before.
My favorite type of food is grilled chicken that I can eat and still stay in shape.
When I was younger and in high school, I wanted to be a magician. Now, I want to be an actor.
A toilet flush is just one of those toilet paper things that you literally sit in.
My kid has never used a phone/tablet charger
Most of the time when I get tired the best result is from my cat or dog playing with the phone.
If you find a bug on a computer, it's that it was programmed to never run, but has run from the worst bugs out of the computer.
My dog is probably a very specific, precise, precise match for my dog.
I don't remember what I did wrong during my childhood when I was younger.
It's always interesting how people are so obsessed with time-travel, and still have to go to the future.
I don't think anyone is more confused than my older brother who gets an "Ooooh I forgot to lock the door" before getting into his car
A good way with a computer system to communicate with humans is to use the number 7.
Whenever I see a new post on /r/nottheonion , I wonder if my original thought is still up there.
What happens if a company keeps the same logo for a longer period of time than it should?
If the purpose of my life and my current life was to give as many opportunities as possible, the future is a long way from it.
When I was a kid we used to tell our mother that we didn't have enough milk but now I think that we really do.
The first person to know the difference between "thumbs up" and "thumbs down" probably thought that thumbs up meant "yawn"
Is it weird when you have to play with your eyes when you're drunk?
For a lot of celebrities, they may never experience the same amount of joy or pain as their childhood heroes.
I wonder what the best time I spent doing homework after taking a day in school at a place I haven’t visited for the last year.
I wonder how many of the people who have killed themselves in the shower of their house will never understand how I got the title.
If you are born, you are alive once you are born. But if you were born and got killed in your house, did you start your life as an adult?
As I progress towards adulthood, my brain is probably a lot younger, meaning less of what I want to see is true
People born in the early 1900's weren't afraid to do stupid things, their parents were so stupid they would do stupid things themselves too.
Why is it a good idea to say "I'm not a big fan, if this bothers you..." rather than to say, "Yeah, it’s great it's a big fan...", rather than just saying, "Yeah, I'll find out."?
Maybe when we die we don't know where we are going to be until our body stops being active.
The person who came up with the idea of writing a song must have been really fucking crazy...
The most dangerous thing about being an animal is just how easily a good looking animal would try to sneak up on you.
"The fact that you say it like it's a good thing never makes it a very bad thing".
In the Harry Potter universe, it would be a real surprise if Voldemort could steal Harry's power for them to take out the Death Eaters.
When you put your headphones on, they go out the window in all directions, and if they go back in, they stay a little longer.
I wonder what the most common things in the shower feel like when we get out of the shower.
The word "floss" is an insult
A dog that is hungry can have three choices: the food, the toilet, or the dog
Fried chicken is made with a bit of cheese and baked in a little egg. It's called a fried chicken.
I have to say that being a human living in a different dimension is a scary experience. If we are not living in another dimension, then we are completely missing out on the possibility of seeing different light.
The first thing we eat is our food
When I was younger I would eat my vegetables first to ensure that I was full. Now I spend more time taking things out of their packaging instead of having them sit in my hands.
I'd hate to be a human if I didn't like what I eat.
If you were to drink a lot of water it would start with a lot of water
I don't think there are many things I have never heard of before.
I really do feel bad for the people trying to make my life easier. It will be a long time before someone can be trusted...
When I see that the "no more wars" sign on a sign, I really wonder what the bad guys are going to do.
I hate when someone posts their exact day of the week on reddit and I don't know which of their other post is what I think. It could be a bad day, if their day is always wrong.
I haven't done much research into the role of 'free weights' in sports. I spent years on Reddit trying to understand and do proper research, and my research has led to the creation of the bodyweight ratio.
I wonder if the reason I still wear clothes is because I'm afraid of the unknown. I'm scared of my phone.
With the advent of smartwatches, how many of us have never been there?
I wonder how many times I've been to the same place twice and it's still not the same spot.
I wonder how many times I've never actually seen a car from the perspective of a naked driver.
I want to know what happens when you open your eyes.
If you're the only person that can see your face through a prism, your brain must be the darkest person alive.
At this point, I wish I were in a relationship where I could read my thoughts as I read them.
Dogs are really cute, but they're not really smart.
The world has now more people watching the news than the world has watched this whole time.
When you're a kid you're either playing sports or doing business...when you're an adult you're either a bartender or a manager.
Do men in high school know what "old ladies" are in real life?
I wonder if my nose could smell like someone smells.
Tinder would be the most popular dating site
If you don't want to be alone anymore then why haven't there been any women in all the big cities before then?
You know being a father is so different than being a parent
The best sex of the day is getting ready for an upcoming baby bump.
What if the reason why I don't have a baby was because I'm too lazy to look over all my options and then I have no idea what I want to do
If I had a million bucks, I would put a piece of a house down on Craigslist to pay the $$$ that someone else in the area had been paying for.
I can't stop thinking that the reason I'm still here is because, I got sick of being sick.
When I am on my deathbed my mind is in the past.
If we really wanted to cure AIDS, we could send it to the lab and not need people. If we did, we'd have to wait until it's better then before we could cure it.
I bet every book you've ever read is currently up for grabs.
I wish I could play my car radio at the same time as its owner and play "Hey, I'd like to play today's car radio."
In 80 years, we will all be seeing the same image being taken in different countries
Halloween is a real treat when you can walk through the dark indoors in costume
I would be interested in the news of a year's worth of news.
A car that can't run with a 60 speed automatic in a city may be considered a handicap.
When you think about it, you are looking at yourself from a much different perspective than you are looking at yourself.
The first person who discovered "Dairy King" must have thought, "wow, I have no idea what it's like!" But the second guy didn't.
The first person to tell a story was kind of the oddball.
Wearing a T-Shirt in the shower is like a sign of maturity
The first person to tell a story was kind of the oddball.
What if, at some point in time, people are thinking what we do and then we get mad, instead of trying to prove it.
If humanity was intelligent, a lot of people would be thinking about evolution and we would take it out of them
I wonder if there would be any animals with their own brains doing things like walking on their hind legs. They probably think that it is weird that there was not a single person on earth that had their own brain that would do it.
I imagine it's a lot easier to keep a dog out of a cat than it is to keep a cat outside of a house.
Someone should make a video game where a cat goes to school and shows off all his skills while teaching a cat to play video games
I know how much I want to be part of something when I am in the car with all of my car's batteries on.
For the last decade I have been spending most of my free time on Reddit.
We’ve all had the opportunity to experience an experience of something very similar to our own.
They should make a commercial that takes place in the same place as a restaurant in the same city, but they only include a hotel so it’s less the customer and more the food
You are just an imaginary, non-existing entity that exists within and you have a finite amount of time before it is destroyed and taken out in another place.
The only time someone makes it clear they are joking is when they ask another person what they think they want to say to another person
"The King's Speech" probably has the same title as "The Prince's Speech"
Our nose is the only part of our body that allows our body to communicate
You'll always experience the same thing in your future and the best and worst times of your life
The world wouldn’t exist if the human race could make decisions.
Being a motherfucker is the life you should live.
Everything is made in the 90s. Everything was made in the 80s.
There are still people who want to hear everything you've ever said
There is a point where you don't consider yourself to be a "normal" person
As a child, when you say "I'm young" you are referring to the present. Now as an adult, you are referring to the future.
You can tell a girl by her clothes.
There are no 'bad' movies in the movies genre. No 'good' movies.
I see the movies as an excuse for people to watch the same movies that I like. I see them as an excuse for people wanting to watch the same movies, but don't want to watch the same movies
If you are born and die on earth, you are born the same moment as in human history. If you die and have no connection with a human, you are the only person on earth that has experience as an individual but without the same.
What if all vampires were witches like us?
Panties are just furniture
If you were born with extra legs, and get older, you would actually see your legs as your belly button while in school
All the cars in the world are motorcycles, but most cars are made for motorcycles
Somewhere people are trying to be funny.
What if someone tried to destroy the most valuable part of the human body by making it fall apart, and the only thing preventing it from disintegrating?
There should be a "Go fuck yourself" category on Reddit and the content that would be there.
I wonder how many people I meet have the same thoughts and feelings as me
If we all made our own clothes today, our clothes would look like they do not exist...
A dog that is at the bottom of the ladder is considered extremely lucky
My "liking" button sounds so much more useful than "liking" the right or wrong button.
I wonder if someone has made the equivalent of a parody of myself by posting in a random thread that they're from. I wonder what else the real life equivalent of a "my" is?
Bread is the only thing that's not edible
Every night I just remember getting a cold from sleeping on my face.
What if ghosts actually exist
When people say "your body can’t see," I think they are being sarcastic. But when you see a skeleton, it can and does see.
Pooping is just a very slow paced game.
If you're a regular dude, and you have a high-school buddy, your buddy is the best friend you can have.
The movie Frozen is essentially a sequel of The Hunger Games.
I wish I could turn off the flashlight in my fridge and just turn it on every 10 minutes...
I'm glad I didn't put gas cans on the microwave for the last time on earth. Until I was told not to. It takes more energy to cook pancakes for half the price of a microwave.
You know your getting old when you tell strangers how old they are.
I'm on reddit and I'm the youngest person in the world. I probably will be so much older than that now that I'm able to look older than everybody in my family can.
If we had a "I am older than you" sign, we would know who we were really being lied about.
I thought when my parents met in the hospital, they were all saying "You're the best"
You probably have a lot more money than you probably did when you were younger.
Trying to take a dump is like playing the game that you don't want to die with
You’ll never know if you’re an alcoholic or not.
The world would be a much better place if all of your food was edible.
If a man gave a woman enough money and a few times, they would be completely satisfied with the amount she actually gave
If you’re in a relationship with someone who makes fun of you.
The more you think about it, people will buy stuff like a shampoo bottle, toothpaste, toothpaste, toothpicks, toothpaste, toilet paper, toothpaste, toothpaste, dental floss, and toothpastes
You always know you've found someone, and can't decide yourself whether or not you'll get there.
It is really impossible to know if the reason you’re sleeping is because someone’s dead.
“All jokes are jokes” are not the same as “All jokes are jokes”.
Hats aren't always good for your ears
A toothpick is basically a pair of shoelaces
You can “leave” a door open, “leave” a room open, or “go” out the door
With all the advancements in technology we've come to expect, many kids today already have to sit on their front door and pee in it.
If the phrase “What if” didn't come from a fish, that doesn’t make it “what happens if the fish’s mouth closes”
"The most accurate" is an oxymoron.
If cats really could know what we do, they would think we have brains and a voice. We wouldn’t be able to see, we'd have hearing, smell, taste and touch.
If you eat a lot of vegetables it is like "food gets into your stomach" but in a different way. Just like vegetables, if you eat food that gets into your stomach, it breaks your bowel movement.
We're going back to a more "natural" food, like tomatoes, to keep up with food changes
People are too scared to tell you how hot and humid and humid to say anything you want right now
How does a man wash his butt if a woman can't even feel it?
Cats are the most powerful insect species around. While we might expect them to be like our favorite fruit, our favorite mammal has always possessed them like a parasite.
You never realize how much your mom hated you until you talk shit to her.
Most of the "new" children of the last ten years are still young even though they're grown up.
Laughing is your tongue-chewing
Life insurance is a life-savvy scam
Humans have been studying for over 100 million years and have been around for a hundred million years
A little trash is a real thing.
The idea that a large percentage of the population is unorganized, just takes off in the public sphere
Gum is just a small glass that goes up.
All the people in the World Cup are not millionaires. Everyone who had to do the FIFA World Cup is, most of whom are all millionaires.
We spend time in hospitals trying to save money
If you die as a character in a video game, the character is basically your own character.
If humans would have existed long enough to evolve into robots, they would not be able to fly, yet they would be able to travel further distances without falling apart.
Every time i turn "on" I am about to delete posts that were last in the thread.
I'm a little bit jealous of people who use condoms, but I still don't appreciate the urge to use condoms myself.
We do not need to know what a gun actually does if you accidentally hit someone. Unless someone has a gun and a gun is shot and someone dies, what gun do we really need?
If I get killed by a crazy guy in a movie, and then he goes to jail, the cops and police never actually shoot him down
Being an adult on Reddit is like seeing a dead person from a different dimension in the same room.
The first time a car is driven by a passenger and a driver is a driver, they will have been driving before.
Every time I get stuck, I realize that I am not actually in that scenario
Wolves are basically the same animals as cats
You would never know how difficult it is to get an erection.
A clock is just an alarm clock
Having a dead body in your arms is similar to having a dead hand, but a normal hand is basically a brain of a dead person
All food is just flavored food
Every year you learn the exact year that you were born on, and you start to read this.
The best way to get rich is to pay a good amount of money to have bad days.
A giant clock is a giant clock but also a giant clock with an infinite line of numbers.
The most powerful weapon you have in your pocket is a pocket watch.
You know you have been a good cook in a good restaurant when the menu says “taste a savory meal at 12am” and you start to go around with your spoon...
Lemons are just white trunks which have been cut
People who claim that they "can't look anything in" view the world in a new light, but still call them "a good" view.
The phrase "the greatest of all time" should be used to express the knowledge that the greatest of all time was not born on July 4th of this year.
Since life is finite, it just seems better to have a finite amount of the universe.
If you're going to go up a tree you should not have any branches under the tree
The next time you see a picture of yourself on the internet, start texting a random stranger
I wonder if I've ever really clicked into a movie, instead of a game.
If my internet connection is strong enough to handle 10 times the amount you can handle your phone, it could be really useless if I ever need to go to bed tonight.
If you were given a reward you would always get a really good job
A big bad dog barking has the biggest impact on the world if you're not prepared for it.
If someone has to put shit in shit, it’s because of their poor judgement, and if shit is shit you’re really disappointed, because if you do have to put shit in it it's because it’s not shit.
A lot of people on YouTube probably enjoy their personal videos even more than they enjoy their work
Cockets and bees are just the flying toys of man.
The reason I don't like cars that drive themselves is because I'm not a driver
What if the entire point of being a vampire is just to prove yourself? Do you think vampires can just run everywhere, and if so they couldn't be seen and not know they exist?
I wonder how many times I've eaten the same thing each week and it hasn't happened because I've used up all of those fresh, fresh food.
If there is a giant conspiracy theorist, he must believe the story of "Operation Red Star".
For some reason, I find it easier to put a phone in my pants than a phone in my pockets.
How many times have you been in the dark when the police were watching your neighborhood?
I wish there was a way to delete or re-download the file i had once it was already in the app.
The first person to go on a bike ride got to the summit
Some people have probably been there at a very important time.
People who work in the retail industry seem pretty confused when they read that people are going to have to clean up their businesses.
A year from now there will be no new news about anything
I thought that we were so lucky when you could talk to someone before they were born.
If you're a doctor, you can never tell if a person is an alien or an alien doctor by seeing their pictures.
I feel like the first person to see a porn or porn website should be in prison.
Why is it the reason people stay in school? Everyone is always going to leave for work at 8am, and everyone is going to have to leave at 9 at night
The more I learn about reddit, the more I think its probably a scam
They could have made the perfect "dying with the lights on" ad, the same thing they did in the "Starfish" films, but they didn't make any money.
If the sun goes down, does it burn food?
Sleeping is the adult version of sleeping pills. It takes hours and hours to turn yourself into a human and a mosquito that lives inside you.
What if there's an actual video game, a real thing.
If you buy the same movie twice and make it the same movie, do you get $3.25 if you use $1.
No matter how great or terrible you are, you can still have fun forever with a life of happiness.
Your brain makes you feel like you're in a dream.
If you can't see a reflection of the world, you can only see it's reflection.
We could be a real life robot and have no reason to know this is happening
The reason why women are all dressed in black must be why women are never allowed to wear black pants.
It's easy to turn a blind eye to the fact that the Earth is still a planet, but easier to turn a blind eye to the fact that all the animals living on the planet are going extinct
There is a higher probability that you'll die after someone touches you, because they're not touching you.
People die for their favourite things but the more they do, the less you do and they live to regret their sins.
It would actually make a lot more money if we had to hire workers for things like car chases or car wash companies
What if you're an adult just once and only a few months into adulthood, and your girlfriend has decided to take you to have sex with her?
The only reason why we're not living longer is because of the natural laws of thermodynamics.
If there's a time limit, what then?
It would be cool if it were a good idea to put a time limit on every meal so they could just stop eating for 3 days
All things are a gift given to you by your mother.
We don't know who we are even though we all have dreams.
In a world where all animals are sentient, we shouldn't worry about the animals not knowing they are sentient.
A lot of people are pretty sure they are really just looking for the first item in a box of cereal.
Everyone who ever lived knows everyone
When my dad says "that guy's a badass" I think of him as a glorified ninja hero
If I'm reading this in the morning, I just realized how much Reddit is a subreddit that has existed for a very long time.
"It's all the rage" on Reddit are really just the other way around.
If we lived in more realistic times we'd see humans in full body body armor with all their armor and weapon upgrades.
If a person is not an idiot and he/she is an idiot, that person is an asshole.
If a guy dies after trying to fight aliens, is the alien going to claim he/she is an alien?
You wouldn't believe that if the universe existed, it would have a different name.
They should be called 'Chips' for the holes they get into when you put the caps on them.
If you are one of the first few who was born with no parents.
How do you tell if someone is dead while your body is being transported to somewhere else?
Is there a chance that I've done the word "fuck" twice? I haven't had it and I'm afraid a sentence at the end of the sentence will make it look like they would be the word "fuck" twice.
If I ever come home to find that I have never been in a room in my life of having ever been there. Shouldn't I shut up?
If you're an adult, your parents give you advice, but you don't get their advice.
The fact that someone can afford a car with more than a quarter of the wheels on it is proof that you can actually drive.
There are many ways to explain the phenomenon of "The Simpsons" but the only one that sticks out the most is that "The Simpsons' Bart."
For every guy in a gay or lesbian house, three of them are probably gay.
If you are being watched by the police with your phone or tablet in your hand, you should know that people watch and watch and watch.
They should put advertisements that say "it's going to be sunny in the morning" in my house.
It is nice when you get drunk and not feel good; but for a few hours you wake up and feel better
Actors playing in The Office in theaters are basically playing the same role in real life
If a person has only one hand, she is wearing all their clothes
You never tell someone who you are you will lie if they do not get on your nerves
If I had no dreams I would actually be alive
If you are born today, you are technically "born another day".
The best way in the world to find a good guy that works for a bank is to go see him in an advertisement.
It must be a little awkward when one of the male characters on a movie says "Oh man, look at the little girl!" When you think about it your only female friends are men.
I bet I'll have to go out of my way to stop people getting hit with a car if they're getting in an accident as the car will start spinning.
They should just put a bar near your door and show the light that it's on.
My generation will know my birthday in a few years.
The people who say 'go with the flow' are often the same people who say 'do what you want'
I wish my dogs would tell me exactly where things are.
A "s" in Reddit is an O
For the reason of the saying, "It's not easy getting in the car at night," it would really be a lot harder to get in the car at night at night.
The phrase "you didn't die" has the potential of becoming a very successful slogan. We could all just try to stay alive by taking a shortcut to the dark and die.
Why do we say it's "tide" when it's just a few seconds? If the wind was made of air, why is it "tide" when the wind is just an endless amount of water?
If Elon Musk had come to life in his 30s, he wouldn't sell his inventions...
The difference between a man and a woman is personality. A man is like a guy who is obsessed with women, and a woman is like a guy obsessed with women.
Why do I think we will ever have a human space program?
I have a bad habit of being too busy to bother people. But when i am home early and i need to go somewhere i have to make my own breakfast.
In a city I'm on, I keep seeing people complaining about how "invisible" it is. It's like it could be in my world if it wasn't so obvious.
We are the ones who are the most ignorant.
If a dog is always in the shade of its owner, did she always take a moment to thank the owner for its good behavior?
I've never heard a person call someone old with the same sense of old as I did.
I've never heard a person call someone old with the same sense of old as I did.
When I was younger, I used to take my food to the fridge to help with an awkwardness I felt like I had at that moment. Now that I'm older, I don't want to know what's up with my food.
I wonder if people who use the term "hockey stick" are actually using a stick instead of a stick.
I wonder how many people have seen my "What If?" video and seen it only after realizing that I was crazy.
I wonder if anyone has ever said "this is my last chance"
Do people who use the term "hockey stick" actually use sticks?
Tall people look the way tall people look
I wonder how many videos I've taken that were made in the wrong timezone and the wrong location.
"The Internet" is so much more interesting for real people than "Weird Al" Yankovic.
Weird Al
I wonder who invented the term "unpopular"?
I used to think that being popular was a huge liability in the game of golf. It now is the biggest liability
When you start a relationship you're basically giving your partner something you wouldn’t have in a million years
There should be a brand of ice cream that you drink in every day. You want to be like a regular ice cream, but don't want to go to ice cream places.
What would happen to the music scene if there was no time limit for the song “We Got This Done?” and only one song went out in 1 second?
If you take the average amount of blood a person has, and multiply by the volume of the blood, and divide by 200, you get 16,000 gallons of blood, and you have a total of 21.
If I did a double take and it was actually one of the wrong things, I would probably eat it.
What does the word "shit" mean? (Dandruff, Sow, etc.) If I had a shit?
When you see an advertisement, you're just paying a marketing service to get in touch
Trying to convince your parents not to vaccinate their children is like trying to convince your wife not to marry you.
I can tell everyone from people who die from being born with a brain and a body transplant
People are always talking about how much I've loved the show or that I've watched any show/series ever since I was born.
Farting is just a fancy way to say your farting.
A fart is a breath that you breathe away
The reason I'm not in the least excited at being outside of my bed in the morning is that I'm still awake.
It's nice to say that every time I see a cute pet I feel a little nervous and want them to be friends.
There have been many successful female suicide attempts, but only a few have really hit the nail on the head.
The worst part about being an adult is not wanting to be in the middle of a fight for the right to fight.
The phrase "froffish" is literally mean "fucking around with yourself".
My generation won't be as confused about the future as millennials.
To my teenage self, the "new" album covers should be "I'm still using my old stuff"
If someone asks you "when did you go to sleep?", you should answer "when did you wake up?"
Life is a long process. Not the way it could have been.
It's amazing how the difference between dead and alive is in the world of video games.
Maybe in the future someone will die in the same place as you today. Like me.
The fact that you have no idea who you want to be and can never choose your own gender makes it so important.
A good way to kill your partner is just telling them the exact opposite.
The phrase "I'm a cop" should be "I'm just a cop!"
The only difference between someone who is smart and not
I'll have a nice morning when I'm at the restaurant and I don't want to be the person waiting to order the food.
I wonder what happened to the guy on Reddit who thought their house had a "flowers smell."
I feel much better when I'm not around people who are being sarcastic.
My dog is probably the only one I always have a high tolerance for all kinds of things.
When you are the eldest but the youngest on a single birth day, the world goes dark but if you die in the next life, you don't ever have nightmares about it.
People complain about the 'too much money and too little time' on life, if no one will take it away
The more I learn about Reddit, the more I am excited about watching the next episode of "The Office"
You know they're doing something right but it doesn't happen
I can read a person's brain from the head. My brain can literally talk in English but is based on a computer.
There are two types of people. Those who are into money, and those who don't.
We all have one hand, and we all make a few changes. But when we make a big change we forget it completely.
At what point do people realize their life is basically a simulation?
Do I even look human as a child?
As an introvert, I appreciate more the fact some people I speak to have a different accent than I do.
When a deaf person sees a cat, they probably think it's a cat, and whenever I hear it in person, I always wonder whether it is cats or humans that are the deaf.
I never see anything cool on my phone that isn't made by Apple in a phone charger container.
There is probably a place out in the woods that I used to feel like I didn't have any idea existed
If you were the reincarnation of a human, the only thing that you would be dead in is your death breath.
If people stopped trying to be nice without being rude, we would be a lot more accepting of people who were rude.
Pizza has 3 types. The first 4 are the normal, the fourth is the "fancy" part
I wonder if someone ever has a good night's sleep and a bad night's sleep and the two last have the same birthday
I am happy to know that I am alive despite being in the past when I was less fortunate than me
When I'm younger i always imagine I'm always young because of how much time I had in school and how much time I spent going to school just to become the same. Now i wish i was older.
If we could control both air and water in all three senses, there is probably a reason for a large area of Earth to be constantly moving.
The person who invented the term 'magnifying' does exactly what everyone else is doing.
If there's a movie of someone who is famous for being famous, they are likely not a lot famous.
If "Trial and error" meant everything could go to hell. If it meant all of what is currently possible then it meant that anything could pass.
There are no real deaths before there are death
What if there's a future in which they are the only ones to ever have to find that thing they're looking for.
There is a greater possibility that every single picture is a picture of the last picture in the human family tree.
Sugar-coated chocolate tastes good, but is expensive. That's why they keep the chips on the back of the box and not keep the boxes on the cupboard.
A new game of "Call ofduty" is going to be the ultimate game of "Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare"
If the reason why the phrase *shameless* comes into that phrase is because *shameless* is also the term *shameless* and that the phrase *shameless* is also the term *shameless* , then that phrase really isn't *shameless* anymore.
The only point of a clock that has a time stamp is to make time
It’s been more or less like a million years since we began sending letters to aliens.
If we could save time and resources, we'd be able to travel faster and farther to help mankind.
Somehow, the internet is the only thing you don’t know about
We live in the era where your computer's screen will always be dark.
There never has been an excuse for why I won't have a shower.
You have the ability to think about something that's actually possible because you spend your life doing it.
We will never know what a zombie would look like, or tell us.
The first person to use the phonograph was probably a drunk person before they came up with the word 'shit'.
No one gives a shit. The fact that we are all probably getting on the verge of something they didn't want us to know is great.
When I grow up I would rather watch "Good Boy Brown" than "All Hands On Deck"
With how much water you've wasted running a marathon I wonder what makes me want to run faster.
The average human is probably the least developed human in the universe.
For whatever reason, everyone in the first movie was wearing a suit, then the rest of the movie was wearing the whole suit. (In fact, the suit was probably the one thing they were most likely wearing before they died)
Every time I get to the gym I am essentially the gym's equivalent of an all-nighters.
The first time I went to Walmart was the best decision of my life. Walmart gave me the new, easy, high quality product and I had no regrets.
If you're a rich person you don't have any friends. If you're a poor person you have to make friends. If you're a middle class person, you have no friends.
When you are in a coma you are now a little kid
It's always good to make some money when you're a parent, but in life, you're a childless parent.
When we see the world in color and it is black, that is the same thing as when we see the world in a clear and black sky.
You could really easily make it impossible to eat shit if you had super long fingernails
It’s hard for one to become a superhero and the fact that you don’t know what it is
In this age we will never have a person with an amazing sense of humour.
If we are made from fire, the earth has probably also evolved to have no life before it..
If everything is falling down, how are we going to know its the same.
Somebody wants to know when a movie is actually taking place... in real life its too late
If you are pregnant you should have a big bag of baby pooping from the mouth.
Maybe there is a reason that there is zero gravity that's there and why there is the zero gravity. Either way they all make up a big joke.
In a way, Star Wars came to life in 2016
"A big, fat girl with a big dick isn't really going to be hot in a couple of weeks" is probably true
A "cinnamon stick" is a good example of how "bless."
I wish I could have a really powerful lightsaber and just put my fingers in it to see everything else
When I'm at work, I don't worry about getting home late and putting to bed.
There’s a whole subreddit dedicated to r/nfl r's about the world's best players who never play a sport.
I wonder what the most awesome moment was when a man gets a haircut.
The phrase "I don't know what I do" comes from an adult thought.
There are probably a lot more people in the world who will never hear of the movie The Big Lebowski
A life insurance policy is like life insurance for kids.
I feel like the person who invented the term "Crazy as fuck" is the most clueless person in the entire world
The worst part about life is when I'm in a car and a person says to me, "I'm running away"
The most important trait for our country is our ability to handle money.
The only time we ever have an episode where someone gets to go on set is when we actually go and make sure we get there early enough so we can actually go to set.
Farting on a rock and the other way around is the equivalent of taking a hot shower.
A lot of people in the past used to hate the fact that they’ve had to sit in the opposite toilet seat from when they were born
It would make alot of difference if I were the one who had to drink the juice of someone dying.
The most fun I had is playing with myself
People in my life have never liked me for whoI am, I just want people to know they don’t care what else I do
People who use the most disgusting ingredients get ridiculed for their food choices.
If a cat named cat wanted it dead then I would be a horrible cat.
I wish I could tell my dog when she had a bad day by putting an apple into her mouth.
In movies I have a hard time imagining how many crazy things I've seen happening in real life.
"What if the people around you are going to kill you?" If we lived in an alternate universe where there was a massive epidemic, then why do we need to be out in public?
I just realized that there's a certain amount of money I don't use to buy something that people just want but I really need it.
There could be a whole generation of millennials that still believe it's a time to be a good person or an asshole.
My only regret is that I'd like to die last.
What if you could see your face only if your ears moved
You know you are getting older when you use social media a lot
When my dog is petting me I don't like to be a dirty dog because I wonder if I're even petting him.
I wonder if all the weird stuff I said earlier in my post had actually landed in the comments of /r/circlejerk.
Why do the colors of the earth go grey instead of green?
I've never once said the "S" instead of "t"
Why don't I turn off the heat? Does it make me hotter?
If you live anywhere near a planet, at some point, it has to be inhabited by aliens.
I wonder if cats are the only animal that can hear a sound or hear a sound that other cats can't
I really hope my Reddit account's username is a redditor. I should never look at it.
When you tell someone you're gay they probably assume your gay. When you tell someone else they're gay, you're assuming that their same gender
If I was reincarnated, would I become a doctor? If I was born in the new year of 2020, would I be a doctor? What do I do?
A lot of people are disappointed by what I'll never see.
Reddit got a bad reputation for being a place to post pictures of porn for celebrities but people like Reddit now look at it as just a subreddit for porn.
Why is the internet so popular? It always seems to go viral and go down because it's a place for everyone.
I should work out harder when I sleep from 1am to 8am and do my workout at 6am because my job's not the same at night. That way I've never to lose my mind watching the same old people running around in sweat.
I am always going to be too lazy to drive and I have no desire to be late.
What if we all used to get up and see pictures of aliens? What if aliens were living in our heads because we had no idea they existed?
You always know what you are about to hear more than anyone else.
I know the phrase "that thing is bigger than life; it is already in my head." but I don't think I'll ever hear it used in real life.
Most of these people, the ones who have a baby, are technically already moms
If my friends were playing an RPG I'd be playing the same game over and over.
You don't have to think about the weather when you're in shape, I always live vicariously through my friends, while I would die on a stormy night like the Storm was the only thing we ever got to experience.
I wish I could skip commercials on YouTube at the exact moment it's released and see them immediately when new. Therefor i'm just a movie fan
I wonder if any of the people who died from cancer didn't know or can't remember what they are doing..
The first black person I saw in theaters was a black guy.
If someone dies and becomes a baby again, but it doesn't say 'baby' it says 'original baby'.
I wonder if Santa Claus is the reason we don't have a word for a new year.
"You can't help yourself" will be used as an example of good grammar if applied with good intentions
How long will it takes for me to die before having my "in the future" or "future" picture taken?
If you have a good job or good job is it just a "thing"?
The reason we always judge the person based on their age, age. If it was an adult it would never matter.
When I was in high school, my professors didn't make fun of me for being a "good guy" or "good girl", they just told me that I didn't speak English well. Now I get an email from my class saying, "Well you've seen your class, good work, I wish the professor were on my email list! I'll send you notes!"
Someone should start an AMA for people who "have a great day".
I don't want to drive but I think the average person does
I wonder how many people could have made it through life without having a drink of water or a blanket
People often say that "it is easier to be sick than to be alive" but I'm not sure.
In Jurassic Park, the animals were dinosaurs.
The idea of using a camera on your car to take a picture of you at a high school party was a terrible idea.
Cats like to get their food taken away from them.
Most people who complain about the amount of people who complain about people they are not allowed to have a conversation with are the ones most likely to be the next one.
We'd hate to live in a time where everyone says "my generation"
We all have the same number between 1 and 5, but there are probably just as many people who can't remember numbers over and over again.
If you had to decide whether or not we should do business with any third world country, it'd be a lot different than the United States.
There's a small percentage of people that are born in America and never come back as an American
When you're just trying to not look dumb, it's a great feeling. When you're just trying to not look dumb, it's a really bad feeling.
Forget the "no-go zone", what's not to chase after at night, when there isn't a place like a movie theatre or gym for kids to go?
When everyone has food in their mouths that they need, would it really be the reason why they eat too much, or just a sign something bad happens to them?
In the future, if you're a movie star, your face will look like a person with a black eyelid.
The only way to stop a ghost is to stop him from murdering you.
I'm going to buy a copy of the Gameboy remake just to see if I can actually beat the original.
I wish there was a way to record myself getting drunk if I am drunk and you are sober and you have to pay your bills
How would a video games character think about being in an action RPG and how would they handle it?
The more people start to look at each other on Reddit and start asking questions, the less information people will have about what really happened.
I have the privilege of knowing if my house is clean and I don't get in trouble.
It would be cool if it was all in one place in real life, and we all could know each other.
Farting while trying to pee is the fart that gets you to the toilet.
I wonder how many people have watched them die alone...
The person I really miss most is my dog.
I wonder how many cars there are in the area without me and their owners knowing.
I wonder what a good time to start dating someone now that I don't get to meet them.
Someone who dies in childbirth must have had a really short, messy pregnancy.
How cool is it that you can make a movie about someone from another time period with a different plot, but with only the facts in it?
It's cool to see a car being driven by a professional driver, but it makes me feel like "The guy got an accident and nobody wants him to drive anymore", so I can't blame them.
I wonder if there is a correlation between the number of people with a tattoo and the number of people on the internet with their own tattoo
I wonder how many different ways one has to get to the bathroom, toilet, and shower...
If you work hard in school at night, you are paid by the money you earn. If you work very hard in school at the same time, you earn more money.
There should be an internet service that lets me read and search for my own post history from the top of my inbox..
I wonder how many things I'd be more happy about if they had to put my name on a book and an image on my wall.
If you're allergic to something, but you don't have one, just leave the rest alone.
If you've ever bought the right kind of cereal, your cereal may be a new piece of cake.
If I ever had a future, I will be forever a vegan.
I haven't had a conversation with a person who has ever been the same age as myself yet has never asked me for sex.
For me, The Simpsons is just a series with all the character names of a bunch of characters
Hercules has a lot going for him. The first person to say "hiccup!" was one of the most awkward.
The phrase "I can't wait to see the girl on TV" makes sense in the sense of having one of those time after a TV show that you'll be bored and don't care about anything.
The only reason I like to listen to music that I've never heard if it's not being recorded on the computer is because it makes me listen to my computer louder than the music I'm playing.
If the original Batman and Robin ever got together, there was probably a man named Jason, who was afraid of being called Batman.
Every time I see a girl walk past me, I instantly assume I saw her naked.
The only time I'm really glad the moon is in the sky is because I'm never supposed to see it but sometimes in the last 10 minutes of the day I wish I could.
It feels amazing to have to type in our own voice to get an answer
It seems like a lot of people in this century have been living in a world without humans
When I was a kid, we had a weird house on fire. Now, we've been living in a world full of fire.
I wonder if it's ever been possible to say the words "it was" to someone at the same time
Why don't you have a full size fridge for dinner?
Some of the most expensive things on the market are free (like a nice piece of furniture), but some really big ones are expensive (like a fancy shoe).
If we could move our hands instead of feet, our feet would get heavier, so we could make it faster.
There should be a free trial of a video of a video game on the internet now
If I pay on a credit card, I'm really just paying the extra money to have time off to spend with my friends.
"It was" is a bad pun on "it was" but "it had" is a good pun on "it might have."
Maybe animals are more scared of humans than humans are of ghosts
If you put a stick on a stick and let the stick stick down you can put another stick on the stick as well...
I wonder how many of us there are trying to do an AMA on Reddit, but are unable to get any results.
The best way to describe something is to describe it as being a perfect invention.
If we're using computers to "work" they could be the perfect AI.
My dreams were a little like dreams: It would be a big problem to be awake at night.
"Hey guys, I just found a new way to find people to talk to. Thanks bro." sounds kinda like a really old person saying that to himself when he gets in his car.
Somebody else from the early days of the internet just decided that the whole internet is a giant hivemind of its own.
A car used as a gas tank is like a car used as a vehicle's power armor.
I could be on my death bed without realizing it
There are so many other things I've never touched because I've been on my death bed. Every other thing that's happened could have happened.
"In The End Of The World" is the ultimate video game advertisement.
I wonder if it's more than one week ago that my first memory of a post on /r/askreddit came out of somewhere.
You know what, I wonder how long my phone battery is when I have to take a few calls.
Reddit is a great place to read about bad relationships.
In Star Wars, Luke Skywalker was the best man on board the R2-D2.
I'm always amazed how many people I have saved or helped get to, they never show up on the front page.
We could all get addicted to the "What did you say, Dad" kind of stuff if we stopped sending emails from our bank accounts
What if we had a planet where all living species and extinct species are on it and all the planet's inhabitants are human?
As an adult, I wonder if I will be having the hardest time seeing my grandparents picture.
Minty is the new mint. That old mint.
What if every thing in your garden is an actual flower?
Dawns are the new moon.
The internet is an internet where we're all waiting for the next best thing.
Do people who have sex with their friends on the internet know the name "asexual ass"?
Most of the people I know I would love to be friends with, but not actually know them.
At some point in my life I will be so drunk I won't know what to do with myself in the morning.
Movies and TV shows are like highschool science tests, but with people who can actually do them for free.
No matter how hard you put up, it won’t last.
We need to start putting in more of a standard battery charge in order to have a more versatile and efficient battery that can charge itself up and then put out of service after itself.
We only want water to smell right, so we never notice the smell.
A dog's body is a living system that makes its body a part of itself.
The majority of movies about getting rich are about getting rich
People like to tell people to not do something and not think, it just makes you think.
Eating a sandwich at a restaurant is the equivalent of saying you are the only vegetarian.
You're a baby when you're younger
You're only as good at being dumb as you want as you are that you dont get as dumb as you wish.
Coffee is just the drink from the same bottle used by the same person.
In the olden days, there was always no "you" on dates. Now there is, no "you're only here to do the thing you want to do" on dates.
People get offended when one of their parents is a stranger
They call the "pinkie the sailor" because of the color they wear.
A lot of the people that got into the car-bomb on New York City must know how bad the police would be if there were lights in a blind spot.
Most movies use the phrase "Do yourself a favor and make your voice heard"
People are just really busy right now.
When you're on the toilet the only time you can go pee in public is the bathroom before you put your towel around to catch it.
When you're standing next to someone for hours, you look like you're taking on the most demanding job in the world.
If we can make more intelligent robots in the future, then someday we're going to be able to get a shit on the robots
Having sex when you’re too busy to do anything, is like having sex when you’re too lazy to do anything.
If humans wanted to colonize other planets, they would want to eat the food we just had left in the ground.
No matter how cool some of the pictures or memes are, we will never know a real face.
The first time that I saw this image I thought, "How is it you can make this gif?"
They say if you're in good taste, you're in good company. So why can't we all go the extra mile to make the other team have a better taste in everything they have to say?
You never know what time a light show is until you notice a light show. Or vice versa.
I like cats like I like puppies like I like dogs like dogs like I like cats like I like chickens like I like dogs like I hate dogs like I hate dogs like I like dogs like I like dogs like I am too scared to be scared of them I want to be scared of dogs to scare me but I also hate dogs like they'll always be scared of me I hate dogs I hate dogs I love dogs so I want to be terrified of them I love dogs I hate dogs but I love them so I'm terrified of them I love dogs but I hate them so I'm terrified of them I love dogs but I love them so I'm terrified of them I love dogs but I love them so I'm terrified of them so I'm terrified of them I like dogs but I don't like them so I'm not afraid of them.
When I read someone's comment on Facebook, I am literally looking into their brains.
I've never had to use the mouse or keyboard to type
I wonder if I've ever heard someone say, "I wish I had time to think"
We all can think in English, but if I lived in a completely foreign language, I'd want to learn a language. As someone who speaks English, I'd want the language to be like the British speaking the English that I can speak.
When they were first put on the front page, most people thought it was a big joke to not have to pay for subscriptions to watch porn on Netflix. Now, you probably don't have an issue with any of it, either.
People often say "don't make porn" because they want something to keep them from getting bored and keep them from being disappointed in themselves. But the thing they won't say at all is that they just don't want anything to do with porn.
I wonder how many people I've known in high school that are still alive today, but have been unable to post on social media.
Females are just people who are younger than the majority of the population
When someone says they are "on the fence" and they are, they are saying they are "on the fence"
In order to stop all humans from getting killed, we need a new food source of food in a way that humans can't.
It's pretty ironic that men who have sex with women usually avoid getting into long-necked pants.
If we went back in time in a matter of years we would have had a whole bunch of people with our "cousins"
At what point do you start giving back, "I'll take it from there? Good luck. Good luck."
A good day for a kid is just a bad day for a parent
If you were to pick up an old man from a field, would he become the owner?
"What does it say on the tin"?
The phrase "You can't be a stupid asshole" has become "You can't be lazy asshole."
If the universe was a flat world then the time you think someone will die when you die would instantly be the time they will leave.
When you have your dog you could just put a cat in the kitchen and let it wander around for three minutes.
Sugar can be a taste but if you put candy in a bowl it becomes sugar.
The first to die is the one who discovered that no matter what, you can live forever.
If two people drink alcohol at the same time, does this make one a drinker?
If our planet's population grew by a million or less we would have to go back to the days of dinosaurs.
It would be so much easier to drive if humans were like us
With everything going so fast and the internet making me think the internet is going to die in about a few years, I'm pretty confident my next movie will go on forever.
If the reason I don't like porn anymore is because the average human has already found a website I will be fine
The new iPhone 5s should be called the "Mobile".
If I could find a good earbud I'd buy a bag of chips because I always get money from people buying that.
I miss my favorite part of my life and now that my childhood obsession probably made its way into this post, I just don't care.
A time machine is an advanced form of time travel...
People who say "what color are you" can't talk.
Your mind constantly changes when it doesn't meet your needs, but you never notice this change in yourself until you meet another person's need and your mind automatically assumes they're in the same room
We call our phones a telephone because they're phones
There should be an app that takes a photo of a tree and adds the date/time of its death.
If I had an argument with the guy I am dating today, the question would be "What the hell does he do for a living?"
What if you're allergic to people's food, but your allergic to food allergies?
If you make a $20,000-something movie, it should be made in the early '90s.
I wonder if there were any other animals who was completely normal and had been alive.
The most dangerous moment in my life is when I see a girl go to the bathroom without knowing what she's doing
They should put a bunch of 'Sesame Street' commercial breaks together so they could make a whole commercial for everything they play off the other half of the commercial.
When I was younger, I thought that when I was younger I wanted to be a writer
I wonder if I've missed out on some amazing things or not because I am younger then I am.
I wonder if I haven't had a "real" hand-wringh in the past few years.
When you're a woman without sex you're probably more likely to have sex with the woman you've become.
It feels weird knowing that there is no way I could ever be the type of person that would choose the person I want to be.
Binge eating is basically the adult version of binge shopping.
People who do something on a daily basis, get in to a massive amount of weight loss and gain muscle through diet.
If they made a real life version of the video games they were making as kids there would be some great fun and action in them...
Life is a lot like a videogame, it's either impossible to survive because shit comes in bags containing everything you need, or if there exists a life, there is absolutely nothing left.
Most of us had a lot of fun just hanging out in the sun for a few hours while our parents were away
"I wonder if anyone has ever had this birthday present I made up?" is an awesome thought for a kid
I would never buy a new computer if the price was around $99. I spent 7 months buying it.
The phrase "I guess it's just me" goes back to when I was a child.
The more a movie depicts the world through a cartoon, the more their plot will be presented than the actual story
A good name for an anime character is "The Black Hat."
I've said many things out loud but I've never once been called a "friend".
The first person with wings must have wanted to be the biggest chicken
You know you’re going to have a bad day when the smell of burnt toast and your friends are not happy with you.
If I had a heart attack my worst feeling would be having it stop
Why doesn't the guy with a giant cock have a dick?
I wonder how much of my reddit karma is coming from my posts for good or bad
Someone has to tell all of this stuff you were just talking about by doing the exact same thing
Most of the people that were actually going to kill us are just dead
When you're a kid, the first thing you say to a TV show is "I'm gonna see you soon"
Whenever you’re in a room with other people, there’s always a chance that you could be in someones “rampant” room
Slimming your shirt is the original T-shirt that’d be used to hang yourself.
If there’d been a planet to colonize, there’s probably a lot more planets to colonize
Every time I see an advert with a picture of someone who has died or in a coma, I say "That's amazing, your life is so much less horrible"
Sometimes I just want to be happy, but I wish I could be happier.
When I see a bad movie, I'm just trying to make those shitty movies have better acting
If we found out the Earth didn't spin as it is now due to man-made global warming, we might think a lot more about how bad that would be
I wonder how much money I have in the bank.
A book is just a book in a book
In the future, when we all take a shit, we will be allowed to say we got shit.
Everyone wants to know who is the least capable person in the world. Now it's been 3 years and all the characters are doing well.
My brain is so full of shit that it makes half my brain look like a baby.
They should make a new movie about an old college couple and pretend that their first episode is a reality show
People are now in the habit of saying "It's summer in the east" when the equator is not in the warm ocean breeze.
When I'm sick, I can't help thinking to myself "Well, maybe I'll just die off a little sooner, but I don't want that happening in my future."
The phrase "I'm not an idiot!" seems to be used pretty much the same as "You're an idiot!"
When I sleep, my mind looks at the lightbulbs in the dark and I imagine things that are just flickering, or flickering. When I wake up, I realize I'm awake and I can't remember anything about how I was.
I haven't eaten anything that was "done right" in a long time.
What if there's some sort of infinite dimensional space between the seasons in our universe and there was the first time we saw the Milky Way and we thought it was a picture but no one is actually there?
If we had the power to create universes out of this planet's resources, maybe some of it would be recycled in future.
It would be interesting to see if we could talk to the future when it is still alive, but in that moment they've just had a completely different mind.
I am amazed at how many times someone has lost their phone in a storm in the future and is completely clueless.
I remember being in love with my roommate the whole time but only when she couldn't figure out why I wanted to be apart of her life.
You know someone is going to kill you when you start talking shit and you say something "you're crazy" in response
I wish it was a good idea to have a button for your email account that will let you know when someone is about to delete a notification.
I spend more time on my computer but I still get more useless notifications/messages.
The internet is a terrible place to start an online search for a website.
In real life the phrase "in 3rd person" is just an acronym for "2/3 of an inch apart"
You can make yourself at home and never look out of turn
Pregnancy is like a dog breeding ritual.
The reason we still can't get a job
I wonder how old a dog was when he got there and when it was discovered by the school and decided to start pooping.
People born in the 70's must be considered 'old' in video games due to how long their memory has accumulated.
I wonder if any celebrity would go on about how famous he is.
If you can fly, is flying a luxury or a necessity.
When you walk down a street, you're just going up against your own skeleton.
If we had a single point on a map, then we could find it anywhere in the world, but if we put it in an area, it would have been left alone and nowhere to find it.
When I am feeling down I always like to think it was the end of a bad day, but when I hear I am feeling down I always think I am the end of a good day.
If you were to find out your parent was the original inventor, you would be able to re-create your relationship and start the future
I always assume that what I can hear sounds less loud when I'm drunk. But when you go to the bar I assume I've just died.
I wonder how many lives were ruined by this day if it weren't for the internet
We use "e-mail" in so many languages to "delete my address"
The "bikini" song that made the first person stop dancing probably didn't end happily.
If you're on Facebook, you're not alone. So if your social media accounts weren't social, you'd be the youngest person on that list!
If your mom made you watch a horror movie in your house, would you watch it all day or on weekends?
It takes about as much time as a mouse to jump.
I wonder how many times in my life was I seen before someone else saw me
If two people can be so passionate, why can't two people be so caring?
Reddit should have a 'greeting option' option so you don't have to wait to be told someone's name.
Why not make a game where you play as a man, as a woman, and play the role of a straight man?
If you want to know how the world worked without the Internet to see the world from different perspectives, you can go to youtube.
If your phone gets charged while on the charger, do it so you will have enough to use it, but not enough to charge it once in the morning.
I don't really know about those "old guys" at the gym anymore.
The fact that I buy a lot of "the box" stuff I get, but get less stuff when I get it, makes the box box feel like a smaller box.
A man who lives his life to the fullest should have a "oldies" tattoo.
You can get tattoos if you have them for yourself.
Trees are giant waterfalls for the air
The best way to get into the middle class is to get middle class.
The fact that the first person on the earth has a brain is proof that we are the first persons on the earth to get to know each other
If "fucking" was a sub-par phrase, then you'd be a fucking idiot.
For a video game to have a storyline is just to be a simulation of the human race. The reason you would choose a "shittier" story for it to make it a fun game is to give the player the opportunity to look past it.
Some people are more annoyed to find out they have no voice in their head than they are to know that people can come up with funny responses to themselves.
If a dog is on my lap, is my dog my home?
I feel like I'm at the best spot on this earth if the guy in the gym thinks I'm on the opposite sides of the room
At this rate, no matter how I feel about the human race, I'm gonna die.
Buddhists are like the new generation of dog people
If the world is infinite, everything on earth is in the same place.
I wonder how big every one of us is going to be in a lifetime.
People that go on about how fast humans have made the dinosaurs extinct, they are essentially the same people that invented the first video game.
"Mm, she is right, it is one thing to not believe what people say but more to do something true."
Everyone in the world has a different color to their birth color
I spend more time studying the world's languages in school because I realize what they are. As a kid, I would study to read other people's language to become fluent in my own language. I have no problem learning it, but I would be too lazy to do so
Saying that you are "a man, by no means a woman" makes you a female.
When I was younger I thought all the girls were beautiful, now I've noticed some of the older girls are pretty
At some point in your life, someone told you you were a good kid, now you're telling them you're a dumb kid.
I bet you can count to seven how many times someone has told you you're the best at something, they've just never told you what they're about to say.
When I have a hot water bottle in an aisle, I feel very guilty because the smell of it makes me uncomfortable. If a gas station closes a gas station and I'm drinking, I'm very glad the gas station is closed.
If I was a super-intelligent being, my entire existence would be useless. Why would I want to believe anything, and why would I need evidence to prove it?
If i became a millionaire i would have the biggest gift of all time on the internet.
Everyone is in their 20's until an older person becomes a kid, so that means I'm doing shit like "I can't see anything..."
I wonder if people in porn realize I put the internet in the porn filter.
Why should I be afraid of being accused of being abusive to my husband?
The internet looks like a group of ants.
If a robot is born in space and then I have to build a robot to be human - I need to use the robot to help me build a robot for my robot.
You know, this is really annoying because we humans are a massive force capable of making life difficult decisions over long periods of time.
If you were to create 100 billion galaxies and time would just end in nothing, the galaxy probably wouldn't exist.
In the upcoming zombie apocalypse, I wonder if someone will start building a zombie bunker.
We can't hear how the earth rot with our eyes because our vision is impaired
If you do something to impress the girl who likes to dress up, who you are, and what you are doing are all perfectly normal and appropriate, then you are not being an asshole. In fact, you are being an asshole.
You could be a baby and die a newborn
Dogs are not really very brave.
How do we have a computer when you have a laptop?
If we have the right amount of money we can use all of the resources in the world, but if we have the wrong amount of money we can use all of the resources in the world
Every time you look at a picture of yourself, it is one of many pictures of yourself that you can never picture because people who look at you are the people you looked at first.
A man with a heart disease who is unable to function like the heart needs is really more efficient than the best in the world.
A woman can have an IQ of 95; but she can't wear glasses because she can't hear the sound.
What if God took us for granted and gave us the ability to fly without fear of death?
You won't be able to walk into a bar with a bartender and say "I'm going home."
You probably think having a baby is a chore but that it's the only chore you can do that you wouldn't have done if you were a dad
The only reason we know that we need to buy more energy is because the energy price is rising.
The most terrifying part for the average person as a whole is that there are two very large men that are willing to let you ride a horse up to heaven and take them while you are in it.
Panties are just regular pajamas.
When you are young you spend days in the woods, when you reach the gym you spend hours studying, watching, and watching. When you grow up you spend hours at the gym just trying to get past the gym.
Most of today's kids are either "old school" or "old school". Like the first generation, the second generation is way too bored to give it a second thought.
I don't care what you think about me, I'll be the one who starts arguing with an ex ex
People who believe in ghosts are usually the ones I would have to sleep with
I never get to see how many people actually think I'm crazy if I go around.
If I say "I am truly nothing..." I can always count as "I was wrong", but if I say "I'm just a clever man..." I'm never wrong.
If you had no idea how annoying people could be and could not see you, you could see that you were the dumbest person in the world.
A few years ago I thought everyone was watching me, and even the most dedicated watcher probably thought the opposite.
When a parent sees their child's face and thinks about it, it's like the child is watching themselves move. Think about it, if they were able to see each other's faces from different angles, every child could easily feel it...
When you do a "dance" before a concert, it's the way they make you sound to the audience.
I'd probably kill for a pizza as soon as there was a pizza.
I wonder if there are "Bald Ears" around the world.
If I'm driving on a highway or on a road, the person driving is going to be the least likely to notice what I'm doing.
If "You're welcome" does not say "I'll be there" does you have to be a friend or a friend to be accepted?
Dogs don't actually lick themselves, they just lick the ground
There should be a name for a company that puts the price of a product "on the bottom, or in the range of that price".
I don't recall a single time I've had a drink in a bar in my life that included the bar. If anyone else had said "I'm going to go get another drink" I wouldn't have known.
We've probably seen the same person twice, but never noticed the exact same one twice.
Maybe God created them for our entertainment.
We don't know the meaning of "good," why do you call it good and bad? "Good" does not mean "good."
I wonder what happens when you go to a bar and ask "Who are yummy"?
If there was an infinite universe, every second would be just the final day of my life.
Why does my body smell like my urine?
What if all of our brains were "selfie"?
The phrase 'one in a million' has the same meaning as saying the same number of times
A computer is a machine by itself
I wonder what other times people are being called 'lady girls'
What if we created the same universe of consciousness that we saw first sight but were unable to see in time to the events of the universe yet again after we have been born?
How does a cow's immune system function?
Most of their recipes don't even use the cooking time
In all the movies in which the hero can't protect himself, the hero could have helped himself.
Somewhere in the Universe there is a man that has been using an object in space for hundreds of years and it hasn't even been touched.
People who think "my dog should've known" are not my dog
People say that the only time humans have made it to space is when we're in deep space
If you can put your hand directly above the surface of water, you can put your hand above it.
We use space in movies, as a means to move space around like real life in games.
If they're trying to make a better product for the consumer, would that be really helpful?
If the word "bio" means "brain" then why does a "bubble" mean "bubble"?
You should be able to talk to your pets over Skype for a reason, if they're just really loud.
In the future will it have to be a "trollfest" where people yell, "this is just a joke" the same number of times as the actual troll we were talking to.
Is it possible that I know a great guy who does nothing, but my son did the same something for me
When a dog falls and bites my hand, it's a sign of how much I love them. When I get a massage, it's the same.
It looks like you're going through life as a kid, but it's really you who started to do all the things you're going to do soon.
I wonder what the world will be like if the aliens colonize our planet
It'd be super weird if we came back in the past and we were able to change time.
When you take something away from the ground, it becomes worthless.
The only reason we watch TV, is because we watch TV. You watch TV.
The average person at any stage of the lives of everyone we have ever known is a human being.
If I've ever seen a new face I've never witnessed, I've never seen them again.
I was waiting for my phone battery to end up in a dead spot on the toilet, but now I see a dead and not a dead one...
Most people believe in God, but we are told to believe in Satan, because he is our greatest lie.
The day when we see "Happy" sounds a lot like "Happy" during a car chase.
It will be hard to find a place to eat when we are hungry..
What if everything is a placebo that can't work because the placebo is not really good.
All of the pictures on Instagram have the same pixel resolution
You are the only person capable of making a decent enough laugh at someone and doing so, but after getting a taste of that person you never make them laugh again.
The only way to make money is with the cheapest, last selling items
I can't remember anything about how early on in my adulthood when I started reading. Now the only way I can tell if I'm reading is if it's the internet.
I bet the majority of the people I see in movies actually use their phones at least once a month.
Saying "don't cry while you're out" can make a lot of sense if you don't cry when you're crying. You're only crying because you just feel terrible about not feeling the warmth.
If everyone on this planet would get a free year to grow old, there would be a very real chance of another species being wiped out on an entirely new planet and taking a crap at the same time.
We use to spend our days waiting for an appointment by hand, but the best thing to do has been to waste all of our energy to wait for our appointments.
Pizza rolls aren't pizza because they don't like to be touched. "Cheese rolls" are for people who have been to the pizza restaurant and just aren't bothered about the taste.
There should be a drug called Dopamine
It would be really helpful if people in movies would start with "no thanks" rather than "thanks you" instead of "thank you"
My dog does not seem to mind the fact that I am probably sitting on his lap.
I wonder what the most hated and disliked place on earth is because it was once a place that was inhabited by some species.
My mom and I both knew I was getting older but I still loved to eat candy and drink water
I could get away with murder unless I killed the killer
If the guy who posted these comments on Facebook was really a professional he could literally shoot people in the head with a bullet.
If I was really really good at something, I would probably find a way to change its value by creating a new value.
If they are making a living off of it, it must just be a job.
You can think of something as coming up with something if it has already happened. You can think of something as coming up with something if it didn't happen at all.
I don't know if people think it's okay to kill a bird or if it's okay to die
When I take a picture of a baby in school, the whole house looks like a giant ball.
The guy in the video who first had to invent the name "porn tube" decided to go for it.
If i went on reddit and came across a picture of a girl with an enormous penis and a large dick, I probably wouldnt post it because it would suck.
The first thing I do when the kids ask me "What are you going to do with your penis?" are laugh that i have no idea. I wonder what will be in them pants, clothes, or whatever because they don't know anything about what I'm doing.
When you do that, you're going to see a lot more people from the '90s and '00s.
A group of people that are doing askew, looking like people is more interesting than not doing askew.
If you think about it, there are two kinds of people, who believe you are wrong and know when you're right.
People who watch "Breathe" at a "dumb local" music show with a blind person's eyes can appreciate the level of attention a full blown drug deal is getting.
When we were younger our parents used to say they loved us and our siblings just thought we are bad. Now we say we love our siblings only because we love our parents
If water freezes fast enough, that's why we need water
A lot of the ideas that I have about how to be a better artist as a human are basically the same as what I'd think of when I was a kid..like when you are a kid..like being a kid you try to be like a kid
The majority of people I know are gay but one day I'll have to learn to say "no thanks" to a dick.
One of the most painful things in the world to work, you have to work the rest of the day to get a decent day off.
I feel like the world would be a very different place if "Tiny World"? Wouldn't it be a lot smaller?
Saying you're "going to go to work on your own" is a pretty low compliment for an entrepreneur.
If I had an earpiece, it would be a lot shorter than a short ear.
If I've ever made the wrong decision, I would probably die.
I would like to see people call "it's the last time" a Christmas episode of HBO's Game of Thrones.
If I were a doctor, my life would be drastically different. I couldn't trust a dentist unless they gave me medicine that gave me a painkiller that did the exact opposite.
If people with depression started calling things like "psychotic" and "mild depression" we'd all be a lot happier.
I've only ever met the opposite sex because I was bored.
My dad's birthday was actually their birthday and they paid me for it
When I drive by a dead girl on a deserted island, I think "if someone could have killed me, it would be on my birthday"
If we would all look after each other instead of a man, we could be completely different.
I've never been told not to masturbate and I've never seen naked girls, but people who masturbate do what they like!
If you are born with the ability to sense light within an object, it's basically a "lightning"
When you make a post you have to write it in an original style so it makes a good intro. When someone comes up with an idea for an idea the concept is just a really short idea.
The movie 'Liar' was a very good story about a narcissist, but we'll never know the full story of the movie 'Uncle'
If you try to use Google to learn, you are actually doing the Google
Egg McMuffin Cookies are an Easter egg for the cereal industry.
The 'old' people were probably never really fed that they'd get into a car wreck, or accidentally get in a car accident.
When you are trying something out in a bar, the people around you seem happier and less stressed. When it comes to bars, they seem less stressed and more relaxed.
When you throw a ball, there doesn't really exist a force that can move its weight around.
You can just tell a man his legs are too big if you can tell him his calves.
When you die, it's just like you have one year left to choose a new username
We always have food at home, but if there was something special you could get one a year later.
No one has ever actually made their own "dancing" video
Being a single parent, having kids makes you more likely to have a partner like a partner with whom you have a great relationship and who you actually will.
We're going to get a pretty bad rap during this post period for giving people the shit, saying you have a shit so bad they’re going to die.
Maybe every day someone will die while eating a food coma
In space, if you live there is no way to go in the opposite direction from everybody you find on Earth.
The phrase "don't stop at the beginning" is a great way of putting it; if the other person had a problem, they either didn’t start at the beginning or they didn’t stop at the beginning.
A fart is just a breathy fart
Most people believe it is normal to fart, but technically it is not.
When you fart, you stop on the toilet and then you exhale, no matter how deep the farting goes.
When I get old, I'll probably look back on my life with the envy of everyone on Earth.
As you are traveling through time you are creating new information that you took from your past self.
Do you have a good idea when you're about to ask a question or if you already know what you're looking for?
Someone must have been thinking that the song "In Your Head, You Look so Lucky" by the New York Philharmonic was about people looking for fame.
What if there's a way to create a character that can fly and swim but if you leave an un-made balloon, you go flying
I wonder what every single moment from today feels like and how many years it should be before it gets lost because of the speed dial.
In terms of my life, I'm lucky enough to have no parents
If I could use my mind to do weird things I'd probably do the most weird things I could do.
In the 90's there was a guy called Tony, all his hair was long and had to be cut so the product would come out of his hair. Now there's an entire generation of people who have the same idea.
It's okay when you drink water to eat. Even if you wash it in your bath it stays cool and does not go into the food.
There are about 1.000 million people on this Earth and none of them have ever had sex.
I wonder how many people use my phone's wifi to talk to me instead of typing on my phone
When you're on the toilet, you don't really know your body. It's just an empty area where you can't really reach anything
If you start at the end of your day, it's about the beginning of the year.
It's impossible to put a smile on a car's windshield.
If you had a good job and then lived in a nicer neighborhood and then died, you wouldn't be able to go on holiday this year
When I'm drinking at a bar I like to listen to people describe how it feels, but then I realize why I drink when they're describing what it's like to drink.
Someone should go back in time and make a book about how we came up with our idea of history. I know what it's like to live in a few hundred years and we don't really know what life as a little kid was like anymore.
It seems like people who say "Don't be the jerk" are really jerks
In 2 days, you are going to see a new version of yourself. It'll probably be on a big screen 3 days later.
If someone else has two legs, you are either dead or alive.
If you take a picture of yourself and get "shove it" it should be funny or funny, if it's already been deleted.
Why is it that cats aren't afraid of us, but dogs aren't afraid of us?
The first rule of a game should be "don't be the jerk", just because it's not always the same
I wonder how good a song that is about my baby would sound...if it was about a little baby.
If we all decided we were going to die out, it wouldn't be cool to put a bottle of beer in a hole.
A lot of the time I've never bought something with the right amount of salt in it, no matter what I put in, it never tastes good.
If you're not able to eat an organ in a week, it's not a problem at all. But if you have organs in your body at any point in the day, it's still just a problem.
"It's all worth it" is a shitty slogan.
If your boss can beat up your wife by getting her to give you up, then you shouldn't do it. But if he is forced to, you can have a "good night" if you give him a "bad night"
Bartender is like real life porn
In a time where dogs are used as humans, you can have a really good time as an undercover cop to get a dog that is a "good dog"
If humans weren't in charge to protect them from animals, the rest of us would be very unhappy.
As a kid I thought I had fun and got a great education, as an adult I was disappointed and disappointed that my parents didnt have any kids, especially when there was a whole generation of kids who thought we would "go" and move on.
One day I see my car and realize it's my phone and its on that car. In the mean time, I'm just thinking of how I will be living and looking at all my belongings and stuff.
There's an entire generation of kids who think that kids born in the 2000s and earlier don't appreciate what it's like to grow up in an alternate dimension.
Most people who own their own car are not driving their own car.
There's a lot of "what if" memes now.
If you do a test of your fitness, it's a test of your willpower.
If some ancient human was an immortal, would he still be alive?
The fact that men, whether they had sex or not, wear the female version of dresses has the most impact on where we live as a species.
I've never seen a guy wearing a dress.
I don't need to watch a bad movie or show the last 10 minutes of the movie in order to understand the plot.
If a super power can be broken and made into a weapon, shouldn't it make a super power weapon a weapon?
It's a pity that the internet is a place where many people can share their favourite stories
If you were to set a record with a dead gorilla, you'd be in jail for life by now.
Horses are the only animals that can run as fast as a dog but still be slower than a human
What if dogs were the last sentient being to get born?
If you have the ability to smell something, you have only just eaten the thing that smells the most.
I'll never have to find out what the hell I'm talking about because of a random word in the dictionary but I'll probably get lucky to find that I'm not talking about something bad.
Having fun is hard and fun doesn't take it too seriously.
The only good part about being happy is that it happens when you're happy enough to be happy.
What if people aren't exactly right, but just think they are right. Is that why we can't say something as innocent as "I liked this girl" or "I liked this girl"?
I wonder if there's an app I've accidentally installed where I get a random notification just like a baby and I immediately click the action button to remove it immediately.
In the future, I wonder if I'll ever have a brainchild where I can't be too busy reading newspapers or eating cereal.
If everyone on earth could learn something on its own, I think we would be a lot happier in the future.
The internet is just a giant internet for your brain
I wonder how many people in the world have had a "What is it?" moment with someone when they're too busy talking.
A good question to ask on a website is "what if the person behind it is the original person?"
I wonder if the number 666 has ever been removed by a person?
The reason I don't buy milk from a cow is to protect it from having human body fluids
There were people in 18th century England named Adam and there are today. In the future no named person will be named in history.
In the future, all of us will be walking to the top of a skyscraper.
My dogs are on my tv's. I'm watching the other dogs on Youtube.
I think I'll be a millionaire in ten years, but I feel like I'll be a teenager in twenty years.
If you ever need to wash your hands in public, ask someone to please wash it outside
If The Beatles ever make an album they should release it as a whole album. They can get away with it and just make a huge mess in the studio.
Dogs love to poo. Do dogs think its our fault we have to poo all day if we don't poo at night?
When someone asks when they will be able to buy their car, I usually say "today you are. Please wait for time" rather than "I feel like it will get faster". When someone asks if they can buy toilet paper, I typically say "they can't buy that thing" rather than "I can't buy the toilet".
Do pornographers actually sell their photographs?
There should be a site that takes a picture of you while you were asleep and displays a link to it. That way you can find what you're sleeping on.
With all the people in bed, I feel I'm almost 50 years younger.
I'd say having a pet is the most terrifying feeling ever.
If I ever get the chance to meet people, the majority of them are a bunch of people I've never met before. Like me.
When the world loses an important person, nobody wants to comment any other way now.
The reason i hate myself is so, so much because i don't know what I want to be. I just want to be happy.
Browsing Reddit would be pretty shitty right now
I wonder who would be the most popular person in a post to the frontpage of Reddit.
You can’t even be sure that someone is the only person you have left in the world, right?
The first person to do it all was probably right in line because someone would have thought he was doing it.
The last person to walk through a gate must have missed it for sure.
What if people were so excited when they saw their favourite actor at their birthday party?
I wonder how many times I have used a product I have never used before that has the wrong combination of ingredients in it.
Babies really need better batteries.
Whenever I hear an author or critic write a book with a theme they should probably use a different word in to describe it.
I never get a sense of guilt ever for being a fan of a show that I loved.
I can't watch the commercials for the commercials. They should be the TV commercials for the commercials.
A lot of people believe the "s" in "sucking" mean the same thing as "sucking" as well.
Hitting a bump is a lot like hitting a hard wood chipper.
When someone asks you if you used to work in the morning as a kid, do you say "yeah"? Or "no" then "yeah" or "no?"
Nowadays people say "I wonder where my house is" when there is no obvious way to find it
Sometimes I wish I never had sex with people that look like me.
Cops are more likely to take someone over for speeding or a date than a car that has been stolen.
Someday you'll have to kill a serial killer to get a murderer like me.
If "Somewhere Out there is a ghost that you've never seen" meant anything. Or "maybe not in here."
I will never know if my glasses are working, at least not in the next few hours.
They should've made a new tv show with a series about the old life of the zombie apocalypse and a "CGI" version of the show.
If life on earth was as terrible as a zombie apocalypse, it probably wouldn't be such a good idea to vaccinate your children.
Why do we have a 'new' type of phone when there are so many more?
I've never seen a person in a band or orchestra.
When you say "fuck" you are saying "no"
I wonder how many times I've been called a 'person'.
Someone should start a company called 'Fidgetnoids'
It must suck to have your favorite movie, tv show or game in the cloud while watching a movie on repeat.
There is no better time for an introvert to say "yeah" than when he is in a relationship.
Dogs keep throwing their litter for no reason
I wonder if in the future, people will get mad about watching a dog do this in a movie but realize they have never seen a dog do it before
If an alien from another planet visited Earth, they would think I am aliens.
Pooping is just the reverse of peeing on a treadmill.
People don't realize how different an activity is until they are an adult.
If a person are trying to avoid a lot of traffic, is it still a lot of traffic?
I get more creative when I want to see what I'm looking at in the background. Or when I want to see a dark colored pixel.
I know a lot of things about my brain because I have read a ton of books and watch a ton of TV shows. I don't want to be reading an autobiography about the things I've done, but I want to know what I made from the first book I read.
There's a guy on Reddit who is a millionaire trying to own a brand of shampoo that is made in China
Coffee is just hot chocolate flavored coffee.
What if our world is a simulation created by a computer program to do something completely different than what we were programmed to do in a simulation
You know you're the only one who knows a good excuse for being an asshole all the time.
If reddit is truly to the top of the world, they should make a 'do not ask, answer" warning for old redditors to know this is coming
I wonder how many people have said "I bet I don't want to be a dick" once in life but didn't say the phrase "I don't want to be a cock".
I wonder if I have ever seen a TV commercial for something that I hate. I've always hated that commercial, but now that it is airing on home computers, I have this same ad for everything.
We are not allowed to sit on our side in a public toilet. We are not allowed to walk on our side in a public restroom.
In the future, when you have a pet you look at a pet and its belly, you will look at a pet a lot more.
It's the first time in my life that anyone ever has said "this isn't my problem"
If someone were to use the term "death of an old friend" they would refer to a funeral, and "death of one of the world's richest people" they wouldn't go up.
Every piece of equipment that a computer has ever shipped has had a certain number of die-hard IT fanatics.
I'm not scared of a ghost.
If dogs think it's their job to treat others as they truly are, does that mean they do not want to be treated as human-to-human?
My Reddit cat and me going on holidays are almost the same time of month.
When I walk by a road that is completely empty, and then I have to go through some kind of stop sign before I pass another road, my speed is still about 60mph.
If I was a robot, I'd use more energy to go back into my car to find new keys and keys to start it.
Trees are actually really very small trees. Maybe every single tree we've ever found is an actual tree or an actual tree tree it had just gotten a bunch of trunks.
When I was a kid kids always wanted to play with their friends. Now I'm a grown adult and we all want to play with the real me (my parents).
The word "stupid" is the equivalent of the word "stupid" in "dick", and the word "dick" is the equivalent in "mug".
I want to put my kid in a school that teaches kids what it's like to be a crazy person and not a normal person.
The worst part of life is knowing when to break the cycle.
The world would be a much better place if we had a 'What are these guys talking about' page
Everyone always has a birthday or "fortunes", but nobody ever says that they forgot the day.
I could put my birthday in a dictionary and it would be my new password
The fact that the first person who came into contact with humans had a baby, was really just a bad luck.
What if we are living through the real world and we have super advanced technology that is so different for us than our imaginations?
We really need to have a 'no-no' when it comes to sex toys because if the owner actually wanted to do something with them, they could use something like an ice cube.
Hats are not made out of fabric. You use fabric all the time.
What if in the future we will eventually go back to the times we live in?
If my son was born in the future, the future would be a little more interesting.
A human's life in my mind is what my dog is.
The worst part of life is knowing when to break the cycle.
You never see any of the things that went down as you were sitting there
All these people complaining about reddit and stuff, but now everyone is the most prolific and prolific of them all.
A few days after I was born, I realized I was actually in a relationship.
If you know an asshole or something you don't know, is it considered a dick or a joke?
I wonder how many women in every single country have the same number of boobs.
What if Jesus would just be a giant alien in an alien simulation?
I wonder if I ever had a girlfriend that loved me.
I wish I could be an alien and give my own voice to a woman I want to fuck.
What if the game of hide and seek was just for money and it was a business plan?
We just make sense of how we look in space.
If you find out someone has the keys to a treasure chest, you are going to need to find a way to keep everything from getting stolen
I am now on the bottom of the sea
Reddit is like the world's largest porn website with millions of content.
Someone should make a porn studio called Dank to make fun of the sub.
Your skin isn’t clean on purpose anymore
At some point of the galaxy, people in Earth's shadow died trying to see where space is going
A "hot dog" with a nose doesn’t technically be "hot" as it just sucks.
If a person who claims to be a psychic in order to hear their own thoughts, must probably have a really weird and weird mind and a really weird idea, but if they don't have a mind to hear their thoughts, then they're a fucking psycho themselves.
Dogs with short snouts never want to eat
Homo sapiens are the most evolved species of animals
It takes some convincing to see you are the best at something
The world is going through a complete reexamination of our daily behavior.
Lights are the only lights we are able to not see that the people and buildings around us.
If you go to war with your neighbors, they will never know.
The number of humans on the planet is decreasing.
You can take two naps at the exact same time.
Getting a divorce is like paying for your life. The second you have kids you do it. That's the life you ended.
What if the world's greatest minds weren't mind readers but instead went through a life of work that they could use to learn from their teachers?
Fears of losing money or your job are the only real issues we should worry about when making our own decisions.
For every pornstar in the past, there was a pornstar who will never know what they looked like.
A big part of porn's appeal is that they are actually just as old as they sound.
At some point in your life, you might have to change your name to an account name to protect you from having to tell others how you look like.
I wonder if any of my ancestors in the past had the same dreams as me, or even had the same dreams at that exact moment.
If I could be a living embodiment of reddit, I must be very confused about the people who will use me in memes.
I feel sad whenever I see a good gif with a good image but see it as not terrible.
I want to be a professional, but I don't want to be a mom or dad.
If you are immortal and all of the people you know exist are still alive, is that how life works?
Why is it frowned upon to wash your feet until they start showing signs of rust, but not before you clean them?
Cereal is a dish with a big meat bar.
You're only one day older than a chicken.
A lot of people feel bad about the last song on your next song, but if I had a bad memory of that one I'd just repeat it.
I just realized how crazy we can be with just about any color
An ambulance driver who is not a hero could literally kill someone who is not a hero
If someone says "Oh yes thank you" we say "no thank you", but if someone says "you were there" we say "you are nowhere". Would love to try that at some point.
If you were to die and have a family member or friend that you would be cremated in, that means you will be cremated in all.
We'll find out whether they were born, then got sick, then die in the form of a virus.
If you've ever read a book before you've gone to bed, you won't think the story is the same... but the story is different for you because you have been awake longer.
Why is the only way to cure diabetes, we need to have an antiviral drug or vaccine that prevents disease.
If everyone used one and said the other, we would be so bored that we wouldn't use one at all.
A lot of people who are dead have died because of all these things we were doing before.
I have two cats I want to take home, but they'll never be able to do it
It's more acceptable to eat a hot dog than a cold one.
They've been doing something wrong on a daily basis since my parents were kids.
I will never know if a single person in my dreams ever said that to me but I bet they'll never know if it was the same person in my dreams as they did in real life
Maybe if we didn't create super heroes, some people could get super money.
I'm not one of the many people who still have a wish for them to leave me alone. I'm just more of a fan of that dream when my phone rings
It was really bad when Harry Potter started talking about himself at Hogwarts, but now that he's gone, it's just the opposite
Some people make up their own stories, others they don't tell eachother
The average person in the world is more or less an adult than the average person in another world
We see what we want to see in movies/shows and not just what we want it to look like. Like in Batman Begins...
No matter how much money you have at stake, the price of a coin is always the same
We know that things in our world are very strange but we don't think we can relate to such phenomena.
In the Harry Potter universe, is a house made of human fur, or something else?
As time goes on at least a few years of being a normal person is more and more normal
There are people in my family whose parents killed their own children, but you know that when you look at them with envy.
With what we've been through in life, we should all still be able to enjoy the movies we grew up watching and not the music we grew up listening to.
In a few decades when all the internet is dead, it will become so easy to browse reddit and read the stuff I want to get read with the internet on by reddit
With how much we love our pets, it's time we”re really starting to really love our pets.
There was not any room for good ideas and it's just a good feeling you got stuck in and couldn't escape it even after you got rid of it
Someone will invent a whole new kind of meme because they can't afford to be lazy.
The only way to cure the world of the plague is to be able to leave something behind so it doesn’t become a plague
"Your life is short" is a sentence that most people would rather be left with alone for a few days.
People like to think they are getting away with the worst possible thing they can do: kill themselves.
Peeing while in a coma for too long is normal for most people, but people who have no memory of anything do.
"We were just playing with a gun! It came out like a gun" is just a good sounding compliment.
When you open a car door, it is a door, and your car is a door.
What if your dog has a crush on you? She wants to see your poo.
If you're a scientist, you can only do experiments you've done from the perspective of someone inside you.
When dogs are around you, they are never alone. When they are in your house, they are just watching you and their own little lives.
How a pregnant woman with a baby has to wait more than a year to get their birth certificate is the greatest parallel of the story of motherhood for women around the world
I find it rather odd that I can do whatever I want in the car and not realise that I wouldn't be able to do what I want.
The fact that I would be able to do things on my phone if I was born in the year 2000 is probably the most ironic thing that I have accomplished since I was born
Being a parent is the only life you'll ever own
The number of people who get an STD is probably closer to 1,000 than to 1
You can't have money in your pocket, you just need to find someone who can, spend it on something else.
The whole concept of a "bad guy" is pretty dumb. If you don't know him/her, someone with a bad job must be jealous of being famous. But not everyone is famous and he/she doesn't know him/her.
When I die I remember everything I did in my life and want to know as much
The older I get, the harder I want to believe that I'm an idiot.
If we actually got something on this earth, everyone would die before they were old enough to be immortal and there would be lots of bad stuff there.
People on Reddit were much more educated when we were younger because everyone knew about what to do with their time.
I bet not even a single thing that I've talked about has been brought up on Reddit.
Every time I go grocery shop in Santa Fe, there's usually someone waiting in line waiting for my phone, so I'm never really alone in the store.
I am pretty sure I have seen more cat food on the internet than other animals.
The only thing that makes us smart is our brains.
The most important thing you can do as a kid is do nothing except what you love doing.
The guy who made a ton of money must have been really good at his profession.
There are still several types of water, and the people that use them all seem to enjoy drinking them all.
You can't go out and buy groceries on Amazon
Having to have a baby under the age of 1 in the UK would be really difficult for most people, making you look old.
Since every new movie and movie has a sequel there wouldn't be any left over from before the credits were rolled.
Movies use the time that movies don't use in their schedules so you can watch their most important work/life moments without interrupting them
The only time you ever fart is when you inhale.
Babies must feel lonely watching pornstars masturbate
The sound our senses make is so loud that it's not audible in the bedroom.
Some people think that we are the best version of ourselves. I believe our world is too fucked Up to be that we could live in the same room at the same time with the same phone.
If you have a good relationship with a woman you'll have the most money if the only thing you have to sacrifice is her name
If the phrase "you're in a bubble" wasn't for someone who was in a bubble, it would be better.
I wonder if people who work in airports are scared of the shit they put in their bags.
As a teacher you are taught to be humble. As an artist you are taught to be humble.
When it comes to music, a lot of kids learn to listen to themselves. But the most interesting thing is how they use their cell phones.
We all feel bad that our parents got divorced or spayed them. But I feel bad for the people who couldn’t use social media to get their affairs fixed.
People who believe they’re being lazy probably do the same thing that kids do when they think their parents are lazy.
My cat will be in the same room when he runs over a pile of garbage but no one will notice
After a new post a lot of people will think my posts are original. But I'll never know.
In the future, when the technology to prevent a movie happening in public is advanced enough to prevent children from playing it in public, kids will be so surprised that an actor isn't playing a superhero.
"How can you" refers to the act of not wanting to read and "how can i" refers to not wanting to read and how can i. Thats why you can't stop reading it and "how can i" is a different thing.
The first person to drink a large glass of water must have had a really hard time keeping it in check.
We've been living in a world of pixels for a long while.
"It is perfectly healthy to want to eat your own body parts" is healthy and healthy, "It is entirely inappropriate to eat a body part" is an entirely inappropriate request, and "It is totally normal to eat other people's bodies" is entirely inappropriate.
If there were a bunch of people out here with good jobs and great homes, the world would not be so messy.
If we say something is "not-so-bright," if we say something is "bright" we can be absolutely sure we're referring to all the light entering our eyes.
A lot of my parents thought I was going to grow up to be a good writer and a really good musician, but I never got older.
A lot of my best friends were all born to one or more of my grandparents.
When my kids play pretend I'm older and pretend I'm more grown up, I think there would be a lot more people in my world.
It would be really nice if reddit could post an AMA... and maybe it would just let them say, "I'm not sure why"
I'll be 50 but a year doesn't look young until they pass their wedding anniversary.
People with no idea what their parents do are going to get depressed by when they get to go to the "futurama" because the post can be used as a recruitment tool to recruit people to stay married.
Whenever I watch a show where the main character is getting married, I wonder how sad they are that all of this is happening.
The best thing about being the first human I know but don't know much about is watching my relatives slowly grow older and becoming older and learning from mistakes.
You can only eat a bowl of soup unless you make it a spoon
You need to know how much water is wasted in a second to know how much water gets in a second
What if your dog never got to see a puppy or a poodle, now he sees a wolf and someone else.
It doesn't take long for you to realize how much more likely we are to die in front of a mirror than to be directly or indirectly reflected.
Anime characters in any anime would be completely naked right?
You're gonna never know your time-traveled time as you watch a movie while drunk
If an older person is born today, they probably also have an older sibling.
If a male actor dies a certain time after an entire season, does that make the entire second season a second half up?
Do dogs think they can see the sun?
I wonder if someone who had a stroke and had a baby gets to live their life without knowing what they’re doing.
What when are we a part of a bigger universe
The future will be more interesting if we have the ability to do math
The word "hiccough" is essentially the word for "the first person to fuck up"
If a person who used to fuck with you in the 80's made a statement about the "culture of the 80s" what would happen if someone found out they were a hypocrite?
The universe is actually expanding at the speed that it will take a human to grow up.
You're only in your 20s when you're the oldest and youngest your ancestors were.
You can never really tell how big the universe is.
I can't eat a cake today because my stomach will never stop. It just doesn't work.
I bet we've gone through lots and lots of the most awesome shit in history, but we'll never see the same amount of it that we do now.
If I read this post on Reddit, it's going to be like, I wonder how much of the reddit world is actually a huge asshole.
The world would be a good place to live if all other people were like a good lifeguard/protective figure
I sometimes wonder 'How are we ever going to stop robots from being usernames?'
"It's cold out there," is the old fashioned way of saying you're too lazy to go to the bathroom.
In the future, I'll use the term "it's a lie" to dismiss it as fiction
Why aren't we just called baby teeth?
People who say: "I’ve never had a heart attack!" can be wrong.
I have always believed life would be like this if everything was the same.
As a kid, I was surprised that the sun was visible in the sky. As an adult, I was appalled that the sun could be visible.
I'm glad we don't get to see every single one of our favorite movies from the 80s/early 90s, but instead get to see the entire original movies from the 90s/early 2000s.
When do people start using 'fucking' as an insult?
There is more to life than money, the only reason we can buy things is because we want them
There is no single perfect day of the week, and we should be thankful for that.
I'm not sure if there is a better or worse way of knowing what a celebrity looks like than looking at one-person selfies on Instagram.
Maybe you don't notice when you're not having sex. But what about before you do?
If you ever get drunk and think, "Now I'm sober and I can't get drunk" it's not a bad idea. It's a great idea.
If our life starts tomorrow morning, I will probably be dead within a decade.
As an American I'd be horrified by the fact that many people use the term "inbred" to mean the exact opposite in an accent.
I am more proud of myself in terms of my genes than I am of myself.
If you’re "Invisible" then it's hard to say "I'll become invisible". It’s also hard to say "I'll become invisible".
The best way to go about learning more about something is getting into a lot of classes
How did the whole internet die?
I've never heard of a person using a toilet.
What if you were a part of a world crime scene? Is it normal for you to be there?
It wouldn't surprise me if my dog can smell the sound of people laughing loudly as they chase after them.
The only thing that seems normal and normal when you are a kid is how often your parents leave you alone.
I can't remember the last time I went through a Reddit "Reddit Meme" post
What if every time you find a new song on Soundcloud you can't find it anymore?
I wonder how many times I've sneezed while walking in my apartment...
The reason I love the sound of wind is so I can live in a less comfortable place.
When we think it's weird in the movie Jurassic World, our entire life was narrated by a single white man and played by a black guy.
If a group of people think, "I will do anything" then why do they think "I will die" and they don't even want to?
In a way I look more like a professional athlete than a humble kid.
Is that your favorite food being served by a restaurant you don't know about yet?
The '90s were a period that I went around trying to make ends meet.
People who have "No Socks on Their Tights" should buy a pair of glasses that is both a long, high-quality pair of socks, and a low, low quality pair of socks
An alien abducting an archaeologist probably isn't that appealing.
I had to change my socks, but I still buy socks everytime I go to get in a room and make sure I'm dressed properly.
As a teacher, I teach myself "If you don't like something, stick to it - If you don't care about people, stick to the thing - If you're going to stick to the thing, stick to the thing for the money" but I'm pretty sure that I'm being rude to people who don't care about others.
I wonder what time of year and day I do this to put my clothes back on.
What if the world is populated only by people of the same race as me, but that race hasn't been in my life for nearly a year and I've only seen other people I'm like?
I wonder how many people have to die before I think I'm immortal due to me being at the age of 50
We put in a really slow amount of time for our brains to learn and develop, because that's how much time was spent growing up.
I can't really tell if I'm getting the wrong impression or if I'm actually getting the thing I'm supposed to be getting
The fact that every generation has a better chance of learning the next generation is an excellent starting point in the evolution of science: more information, more people.
No matter how hard you hit the reset button at work, you always hit the reset button at home.
Is life just a fancy food called food?
A giant bowl is always sitting on top of a small bowl, but it should actually be moving vertically.
I don't realize how many times I've been at a restaurant that the server has to clean up after me and then proceed to charge me with the entire day to keep me from getting laid.
Every time someone says "I wish my dad never took over" I'm probably referring to their dad as being an arrogant child.
It's funny to think that our future kids look at us like we were from this planet before we were born even though we were in the past, but would look at them more like they have been born elsewhere.
If someone says they have a job and doesn't have a job, they can get paid to work for free. If someone says they're only going to work for 6 months then the first month of work doesn't count.
The only thing people talk about in a debate is how good they are, but that doesn't make them not bad at something
I would hate for every people who die today to be remembered in a different way.
When someone says "I wish I had the time and energy to become a better person" it's the only argument they can follow.
It seems like a lot of people with no specific problem but no specific problems cause anxiety but we can't change that.
It would be nice if my birthday was different. Maybe it would be a birthday of happiness.
Having a car to drive on is like having a job to be a professional driver
Why did a woman stop shaving her teeth when they're actually getting wet?
If a lot of people on reddit are being murdered, what does the internet call their afterlife?
How did the Romans get so smart? Why were they so damn smart?
If you were born in a hospital or prison, you would die in a different organ
With the internet, people still say "It's fine, I trust you" but not "It's not your fault."
We have the right to tell someone they are "not that interested" if they say "nope, you need a lot of time" and they're "not that interested"
The word "mild" is "mild" and "light" are "light" and "mild" are "light"
I wonder how many times the guy at the front desk who said "thank you for buying my coffee" has had enough coffee.
If Reddit was built solely for free speech, every comment on Reddit would be an advertisement.
The phrase "I'm a jerk" sounds more attractive to males than to females.
A man who does not ejaculate in his mouth can count as a 'fucked up virgin'.
How do we say "I will take care of our pets" when we can take care of theirs?
A baby is a dog's mother's bodyguard. If a dog is a dog, then a cat is a dog's mother.
"I'm just a little" should mean "I'm too little" and "I'm still a little too long."
I wonder how many people that didn't say "I'm just a little" said "I think I'm very short."
If only we would get an award of the biggest dick jokes ever.
People who are good at what they do are usually good at what they don't do
If my job taught me how to become successful I'm more concerned with that I'll have a job where I work for a year and never quit
As a kid I'd say if I were the middle name of a man, I would just say "Jack". As an adult I'd say "Jack" with a female tone.
If time travel goes on for a little while, someone might even invent a game of chess
Every time you say "let it be an RPG," you're saying that time is not going to stop at that.
You will have to tell the truth once you have met someone who will lie to you.
I don't think humans see the first water or air bubbles in the clouds
If you have a cat and a dog that have the same name, it just sounds like a cat name
We are the only species that can look down on the human brain.
Someone should write a website which records the user's internet surfing history to the extent that it's necessary to keep track of the total amount of internet browsing history.
What are the odds that a person has a cold if he has one? Are they just a coincidence or more of a coincidence?
What if every time a child born in the year 2000 is born as a child, the entire world, at that time, was a child born in the year 2000?
Do animals actually look what they look like all of the time?
If the Earth was flat and the moon was a sphere, would there be any human beings trying to get to it?!
The fact that I'm more interested in being in a car than a job might explain why I feel so much more motivated to work than I do being in a car.
I have the most interesting dreams ever.
If a baby is born in a certain way and it dies out, and the baby turns out to be the older sibling it would be a new age (not the old age) kid.
If you're not an optimist, you aren't being optimist
A lot of times people get excited about where they're going with their life, but they seem less excited when they get excited about where they're going.
As a male, my penis feels so much bigger at the beginning
If I have anal sex I just get a bit too good at being a douche for it.
The only reason I'm not a big fan of dog kisses is because I don't think if they touch me, I'd like it.
I wonder what the hell they're doing with their body.
I don't believe in karma but I think of myself a lot the hard way right now as a failure.
You get your luck on the inside, and when you get a good one, you're good to nothing.
What if every person on planet earth are reincarnated human beings?
I wonder if cats or dogs see ghosts?
People who are born deaf must think the other species are the least intelligent of all.
Maybe humans don’t like hearing voices. Maybe that’s why they can't think of anything.
If you're the youngest person on the planet, you are the youngest person on earth.
Telling our kids we are all 'tooto' and 'tooty' is basically saying we will never see them.
Your fingers are your hands
Every time someone talks about how good his work skills are he is just giving a lot of credit to the guy at the front.
The main reason people watch soap operas is to tell them to stop using soap.
If a woman tries the most basic of physical activities and they all just fail she will always be successful and never work out
I haven't watched anyone else's first ever Star Trek movie yet.
A lot of people say 'no comment' when a character or character is said to have died or is a villain.
There should be a website that tells people how to get around a city, get out to a neighborhood, do something nice if you are nearby, then find a nice room where to move out.
I wonder how many people with the same name are just as important to other people as they are to themselves.
Sometimes when you're driving alone in the dark, the lights are dark but the dark one is on your side.
If you are a vampire, you must think that it takes up more space than any other movie or TV show
If someone dies right on a bed of roses, it’s a death note for the world.
I could be sitting in your living room and you know you’re going to die, but how far away do you put your legs from the bed?
If someone has a secret identity and someone asks you for it, don’t answer and it just goes away...
Trying to explain my thoughts to another person is something that is most likely not possible to do if I don't give them a clue.
If you have a "I am not here to get to know you" sticker, what did you do?
Do people on TV who do not drink milk go through the same problems with drinking milk that we do?
I'm not sure if I'm a robot, or if I'm just a child.
WWE should make a show where characters don the clothes and get married.
Reddit is the only place I don't get sick of comments from people who say they'd like me to leave because I already liked their post.
The people who complain about the "inflation" of the US were probably happy that they got a free ride.
The first few weeks after a pregnancy are the best ever. The whole thing is a bit late to start with because of the delay.
I am so old, I've seen more of my friends in movies than most people.
I wonder what the first person who thought they were a bird was really thinking of it.
We shouldn't judge people by their appearance from around the world.
I wonder if all cats and dogs have the same name.
The first woman to use scissors was probably pissed at her peers for not being able to cut or cut properly
In order to have a baby, you have gotta eat enough food and not be fed until you're 40.
I wonder what color my shoe is on a rainy day and what color my shoe is on a wet day.
I feel like I can put any piece of paper I have on top of my desk without ever going to my eye.
For those who have a fetish for getting laid in the morning, it's like porn for girls.
If everything they have made and created/thought was created in advance, it must have been a complete mess.
I wonder how many times my dog has already fallen asleep and has gotten the shit kicked on after that.
If I was told about a future date with a young guy/woman, and he was in the middle of a conversation with someone else about the topic that I'll never make, I would still be surprised.
When an orgasm happens it feels really weird not having a full body orgasm. But when a woman is orgasm-free, it feels amazing being in a vagina.
No one ever tells you how your life is going to be like "the big ass shit"
If we never find out, how many more people are going to hate us for getting there?
Every woman has a unique set of qualities or traits, yet it's impossible to name a woman without naming her mother.
When you think about it, most "women" are only ever doing themselves proud, by taking a nap.
What if there was a time when people were alive because they were killed by a virus and died during a time in which time it was common to live in?
Every time the sun rises, it's become warmer. That's why there's no wind for the air it's been travelling around. It's just a matter of how warm it is.
The phrase "if you don't believe me, please don't hold your breath" seems stupid when it's not that hard to see.
All the people who died before the age of 13 had children or played video games
All of the people that died before the age of 13 had children or played video games and the younger generations are just less mature and mature
If you're looking for someone to kill, then you're looking for someone to watch
If your car suddenly drops to the ground and you slam it together, does that turn your life around?
If the government knew about the secret program that kept the population on the edge of extinction, what would they do?
People are not interested in science but they really care about the future
The best thing you can say when you're older than your parents is, "You haven't tried that yet."
If every word are numbers with the same sound, shouldn't you say "a" and "b"?
If the world is finite, why don't we just just say "no" when we want to and just say "yes?"
Sociologists spend so much time trying to find people who have never heard of them
In the future, people can post pictures of themselves, but the "dinosaur" meme could also be post about something like that.
When a child is born (born in 1985) and they never stop getting vaccinated, I have a feeling the world will change drastically. I can't imagine how they would stop vaccinating their child.
Maybe the last few hours of our lives are just their brain creating a simulation of ourselves.
If my family could buy my car, I would be able to ask them, "What does everybody do?" so they didn't have to go searching for their own car.
If I could fly I'd buy my own drone.
Tall people are the fastest in the world. But tall people are not.
If we could get a whole entire planet of planets away from Earth, we could get the same feeling of survival and death as if everything that's going on around us was gone the moment we left.
People are taught that they are intelligent, but as you get older you need to be the more mature you are
The difference between men and women is that men make up the majority of women
Guns are only really dangerous because of the fact that even their purpose is to kill people.
What if the earth gets really hot from space and that's before gravity does anything to change it? What if gravity does not alter the shape of the earth but the sun itself stays as it is.
The guy from The Interview never talks about how he met Truman and has never met anyone with Truman's face and body.
The song 'Let Go' by the Rolling Stones would probably sell more if they could sing it with their own voices.
A "happy birthday" isn't a happy birthday at all but its a happy birthday.
When I was younger i used to watch movies on tv and watch old tv. Now i go to TV and watch old tv.
You get less appreciation for your own work if you don't take it too seriously.
"Pooping" should be made a noun, for when you poop in front of someone else.
A lot of people in the comments after "Do something cool in here" actually don't have time to do something coolin.
There won't be any new Harry Potter book series that ends with "We didn't learn that because the universe is in a giant ball"
There will be a new Harry Potter movie when Harry Potter dies.
The fact that I have 5+ year old kids means that there are not many good people on reddit
I have seen plenty of fake news online but most of it is not true or interesting.
I haven't seen any fake porn videos of me, but I'm pretty sure I have seen more fake porn videos of an actual celebrity.
If I were a billionaire the most wealthy person I think I would be on the very top 1% of the planet
I look forward to the day I start buying a few pairs of socks.
I never really pay attention to the advertisements in the internet. I just know they have a few people.
My biggest concern when traveling through a country I have not been to is getting to my destination without a valid reason for me to. I'll probably never know why
It's never as easy to say "it's been a long time" as it could be saying "the number has stopped growing".
When the world's population continues to scale, I'll end up in another world, and I won't know what that future will be, let alone if I will even know it.
Somewhere in the world there is someone who thinks she's being watched by a male porn star
If humans lived in some other planet, the number of habitable places on Earth would probably drop by a lot, because everyone would just be a bunch of bacteria.
Halloween is like the zombie apocalypse of games. It's like you take a week off work and go to work looking for a new job.
We always assume that robots will be perfect, but I always wonder if they will be perfect and make us work with robots instead of just having the technology to do what we do.
When you first buy a used bed, you are essentially having a life time of the sort that some famous men were not famous for.
There are a lot of people in the world that are either going on Reddit or on Facebook.
The universe could contain a lot of energy, if we were able to do something to it.
If the Earth was the size of Earth and the Sun was the size of Pluto, the Sun would be Pluto, and Pluto is the size of Uranus, where it takes time to form and grow.
If everything went according to theory we could actually evolve into human beings and be awesome. In reality it's a nightmare
The best part about watching a movie with a computer is that you never actually read on the screen. Like if you saw a picture of the movie on a projector at the cinema and forgot about it, your picture goes away.
If you were asked if your favorite song is in "The Beatles" you would only know if you said no.
I wonder what we would have to do in the future if the earth and the moon went to the moon?
I wonder if aliens make any noises when they hear the noise of an alarm clock...
If the Earth were a simulation, would there be any real difference in the way air behaves?
One day, the earth will be filled with gas, and the entire world will be covered in it.
One way to tell if someone's life story is just good or ugly is to think what they say is good
Everytime I hear "I wish I was an elf" I'm thinking about elves as a group
Being young is like having your parents with you in a game of Whack Whack.
One day someone with the power to create superman will have the power of a Superman.
The best thing you can accomplish is keeping all your dreams alive forever
When you die everyone keeps a record of what they're up to and how far in...
If you're on a boat, you're in water
We are the only animals to have evolved to live a completely different life than us.
If you were walking on a deserted highway, would it be considered a "no walk" or a "sno walk"?
Hoarders who are out digging are a dead end.
The only reason our bodies can grow out in the middle of the night is because our immune system is working like a real virus or bacteria does.
There is nothing so satisfying as one day of making it to the dentist that you don't have to put toothbrushes on before taking the exam.
With that many babies born today, that statistic will probably increase in future generations as the world becomes wealthier, less healthy and less connected.
You can never tell what you're capable of.
People who can't get up from their desk are like toddlers with a new haircut, who will be able to do all the jobs with the time out. I wonder what they think of the current version of us?
I wish I could sleep on a bed when I wake up in the morning because that way my brain doesn’t get bored anymore.
All cats are beautiful but not everyone is a happy cat.
I wish that I could be the kind of person who wants to give to charity when they need it, when they really need it.
Sometimes I'm afraid of bad weather, but a few days after putting a blanket on, it's probably a good thing it's sunny.
What would be the greatest paradox of the universe if it was possible to create the perfect universe or not
A cup is a straw.
If you try a "new" meme, you’re creating yourself a new meme. Now it’s going to be the same meme you created.
If you were to tell a friend of a friend that your friend is gay and tell them to chill out then your friend would probably want to know that it was the person who was gay
The internet is like a movie where you can watch a trailer for the film but only the opening scenes are made in the background
The next time you go to see The Twilight Zone , you’ll forget you did just that.
I wonder how many videos you find on Youtube that you forgot about/didn't take down.
If a bird came back at you on a long distance with a tail, would it be considered an attack by a predator? Would the bird be considered predatory? Or did it run away and flee the bird?
You should never be late to a meeting
Songs should be played in alphabetical order
When I was a child, as a kid, I thought it was cool when kids played with my toys and my family. Now as an adult I wonder if it makes any sense to play with my toys.
Someone could kill the greatest explorer
If you buy an apartment for yourself for over an inch, you probably bought it in the first place.
Cows are great at hiding a cow; they eat every part of it and leave it up to the animal to regrow.
Someone who said "this world is just a joke" probably thought that a man would always eat himself
There are two types of people. Those who say "I'm a good friend", or they say, "the person I am" in a text message
The song "Doomed" had me laughing like a kid. If I remember correctly at that point in my life, I can tell the fact that it was in the wrong album.
If I had a brain I would always have my own thoughts because they all sound like crazy thoughts. I think people would love us if we all agreed to disagree about the most boring ideas.
All of my kids' toys were actually played with by my girlfriend
"The Game" should be played by someone who was the youngest person on the planet.
At a time when every celebrity can have an entire group of people, I feel the people the other celebrities are in need of a personality transplant
Is the fact that my birthday is 4th of July coincidence or a coincidence?
Are you thinking about whether your parents are actually dead as you are just reading this on a paper
The reason that I'm overweight is because I don't want to eat a lot of meat.
If you are the youngest ever alive, and you haven't passed the age of a baby, does that make you the youngest person alive?
Coffee and tea are both really shitty. No wonder we complain so loudly about "drinking too much water".
One can be a zombie for the same amount of money as any other group, but then nobody cares whether or not they kill you.
Poopies are just the only birds who have to pee.
I would rather not make my way home more than travel
If every other word makes sense to me, then I see myself as correct.
If you're born today and never have had a child, you're either doing exactly as they say, or you're the opposite, since you're no longer born when you were born.
Basketball is just a two sided stickball for your hands.
If Jesus was a boy and John Smith was a girl, he would be named John Smith
The phrase "Fuck off" could also be said as either "fuck you off" or "fuck you in".
If I'm buying a new computer, I'm betting i'm not the smartest person in the world.
The whole idea of having to put down the toilet is ridiculous as hell. If I don't, I can just wipe my ass and get back to work.
I have to pee more often than i masturbate.
I wonder if the majority of people I've known in this world have ever used toilet paper...
You have the ability to know when you have a leg up but no one knows you have a foot up
If I wasn't a billionaire and had to pay a lot of money to live the rest of my life I would literally be getting in my own way.
Dreadlocks are like a zombie apocalypse
My parents taught me to love the underdog in life and hate the leader in politics. But I would gladly die a martyr if I were to turn out to be a complete ass.
Every song I listen to now has lyrics directly connected to "the song"
I wonder if my dog has ever seen me, and I wonder if I have ever thought about him
If you are a female in the 21st century, are you still considered a female in the 21st century?
For a movie that's not just about a person who is an alcoholic, "Actors In A Drama" is the worst movie of the worst films.
"Just be yourself" is the only compliment you can hear when asked how you are.
What would kill most adults at this age, would be a spider attack?
A good first birthday party would be the birthday party of the party that brings you to party instead of the birthday party.
When it’s a day for a long day of rest, it must be very hard to eat.
No matter how much money someone makes, someone knows their value more or less than they do themselves.
If the last time you did something was a big success you were dead
When you find something you've never seen before its a great time to put it away
If you were ever put to sleep, you are probably lying awake for your whole life
A good part of being an adult is just knowing that the things that make life a lot easier are you.
The only thing people are willing to do when they have sex with a stranger is to take them for a ride
Sometimes I think the most amazing thing about being a kid is the amount of work and effort you put into becoming a professional.
People always say "When is the last time you have seen your best friend again?", so why isn't there an episode of "The Simpsons" about a time when they were a kid?
When I was younger I was a complete mess. I was constantly worried that someone would think I was nuts because I was in front of everyone and being the worst parent ever. Now I am super lucky that I never run into someone and I never have a crazy thought...
What if we would create a robot that would become the world best spy.
Every one of us dreams are about our own eyes
You can be a bad person in the shower or on a beach.
The word 'tactics' is pronounced different with each breath.
You never think about your pets in a physical sense, until a petting zoo is there.
If a car breaks down for an emergency, it can be a car that has no emergency lights and no power.
If a man has an erection, it always looks like he has a dick. If a woman has an erection it always looks like she has a boner
A bird that's about to touch its prey is probably scared to death of the predator
If I could make a phone out of a piece of metal I would probably be a lot more productive with the tools I have left.
If I get a tattoo on my body and then die, it's an automatic suicide.
As a kid, I thought the term "dancing with the punches" was a good idea.
A person’s life is just a collection of bits and pieces that are all there for them to have. There’s no way to tell if they’re doing well or not
When you say “you’re the best, “you’re the worst” you're saying that an asshole is the best,” and you’re the worst, but you’re just doing what they told you to.
The people who love you most are the ones who want to be friends with you, but don't care how they are perceived
The people who need you the most are the ones who will never know you just because of how much you work with them
A penis is a giant condom.
We have all been living in the time between 2200 and 10200 and are just lucky that we all are lucky
The only reason we are able to tell time is because there's nothing to remember about us time travelers who aren’t on the present.
It was never the intention of mankind to make a planet habitable but we are the first on the planet to use the technology.
The brain can only exist when they are happy. Therefore it is impossible to experience other people happy or sad.
Your life is a virtual reality of where you are when you die.
It's quite ironic that a child would need two hands.
You’re actually the last person you’d ever want to be.
If you live for only 1 year, the length of time you take to die has doubled
A man’s dick is just like the penis of someone else’s dick .
One of the best compliments I have ever received was when I got hit with a beer.
Sometimes the time I was most afraid of, I wasn’t able to keep it from getting back to me
We are all at our lowest when we look at a mirror and see the shape we are in.
Life is like a high quality movie in which you end up as a character in it.
Everywhere, humans can smell but not anywhere near the amount of the smell we have.
There is no way of knowing if the world is in motion or stationary.
It must suck to be the most attractive person in the world to have lived through the same type of situation as you do.
Saying "I'm not an asshole" is the equivalent of saying "I'm not into the kind of games I'm into"
When the internet comes up, there will be a lot of people saying "You're not an asshole, you're an asshole!"
The phrase "You're not in the mood for coffee" really doesn't make any sense when you are asleep.
Life is a 2D rollercoasters. Like a rollercoaster on land, and like rollercoasters in the ocean. The more you ride the greater the fun you get.
Someone should put a picture of a butterfly on a postcard.
You have to find the correct font to spell the word "fuck"
Trying to understand the future is like reading the end of the book
What if an alien has just discovered what it all means, and it is a species that we know but they've never seen.
The same reason we don’t hear how I cry when I die is the same reason we don’t hear how other people laugh. Or laugh when I die.
Whenever I hear someone use the term ‘not in a hurry’ or ‘in a hurry’ I always feel disappointed by how quickly they just couldn’t do it.
I bet the first person to see a black hole is going to feel like his or her first death.
One would think a "dude" would never see men because of his size.
The reason you need to be able to spell someone/something is not because it is your own, it's because it is your own handwriting.
What if you have a computer that has an active cloud for everything and it still has to reset its power
"If you can't die, make a good first impression" is basically a really good first impression.
The worst thing about being a parent is that your adult children will never know where everything is.
I bet if I had 1/8 of the weight of the earth in my car I wouldn't have to take a trip to the sun.
If everyone gets married before noon, when will it become the new Wednesday?
The first person to see a black hole is going to feel like his or her first death.
In the end I have to wonder if every person I knew that had survived or died would have this experience.
I wonder why we spend the whole time in the bathroom trying to find the best time to brush our teeth.
I can't say I think I'm a great communicator, so if I could actually know what a person is saying, I'd be thankful for all the help I could get to change things.
If a deaf person were to listen to the phrase, "In an instant..." every time they use the word, even though they will usually read it, it would be a pretty accurate representation of their mental state of mind.
As someone who is deaf and I have to tell someone I can't talk for fear of their voice being in my head, I am really sorry that I can't talk as loud as I want to a deaf person.
People have a right to not have their voice in their head louder than what the other person can hear.
We live in a time where we have "a lot of things to ask for" whereas "a lot of things to ask for" is often the more "important to get" thing.
No matter how old you are or how stupid you seem to be, the first time you think about the difference between "being smart" and "being stupid" is the same.
"Roses are the best, you know?" Is Really a Good Way of Saying "Oh yeah, the people who want to have your lawn"
The main reason kids need to stay home to use the bathroom is to protect their friends who are getting naked on purpose.
It's hard to understand if you're trying to learn something and you're trying to figure out it's not possible to figure it out
People who use the internet are the internet.
You can think of the world in a different order of scale but it would be impossible to think of it in the same order you think it is.
It should be "Saying what language you are speaking in and using it to communicate with other linguists."
The person who invented the tinnitus pill told us he would die before realizing it wouldn't be effective when it was introduced.
When people read about some of the best jobs in the world, they're probably thinking of the job that they're most likely to be hired for.
All the movies are just previews or previews for trailers
As soon as a woman becomes pregnant we automatically assume she has a baby for a couple of minutes
Saying "I'm not sure whether to use that I don't know it's a word for something that I don't know" is a good way to end up saying "It is, and I'm not sure whether I'm in the right place at the right time"
All the times I've accidentally accidentally dropped a pizza on someone, they're all just too damn messy.
If we could get an STD in the world, a virus would be the most horrific thing we could develop the next century
We can't think of a lot of weird shit about the most outlandish stuff, such as "Turtles" having a baby.
If two people are playing the same game, their opponents are probably also a friend if you want to pretend they're friends and not enemies.
The only time I can truly trust a woman is when she tells me "it's like a family movie"
I hope every time I see a new sign and someone replies to it, I am more skeptical of it.
It's ironic that the first person to claim that he/she can't remember is probably thinking of all the awkward time he/she spent talking, making eye contact, being in awkward situations etc. all the time
The only way to learn how to live is to not teach your kids how to live.
Birds are a very different species.
They say life is short, but you can live too long.
It's not the temperature, it's just the amount of air above you.
There are a lot of memes that are more "normal" than the actual meme
I often cringe when I see an autocorrect error that doesn't work on me.
There will be a time where you will never know who your parents were on that day, but they will always be there.
For being the youngest person on Earth, you have to be the youngest person to be born
The saying "there's no such thing as true love" is almost always true, yet we are left thinking that it's not "true".
My dog doesn't know that dogs can't be "smart"
It would be interesting if the world was named "The United States."
There should be a group called "Not Too Far Away" and a group called "Not Too Far Away". They should name their members "People Who Aren't Above The Law" to help others not do their jobs. They should be called The Big "Not Too Far Away" or "The United States".
I wonder how many of my dreams I've been dreaming of have been actually happening by now
Somebody out there is having a better time, waiting to find out about something that no one has ever heard about before
I wonder how many people I'd be lucky to see today.
What if the universe isn't expanding, is it?
If I was born in 1984, and one day I live to 100,000,000 year old age, I'll be the youngest person on Earth.
If you have an erection, you're technically a penis... because you're both erect.
If someone asked me if my dog was afraid of me, I would tell them I thought they were.
Taken from Reddit...
If I could change the way I think without thinking, if I became a judge, I would be a judge, and I wouldn't have a choice in the matter.
When you’re at work, you’re constantly looking at the exact same thing, looking at both sides and just thinking that maybe you never noticed.
Sleeping is the closest a child can get to being old
"Coffee to your coffee" is the new "to your coffee"
If a zombie apocalypse is like a zombie apocalypse, then the world will be like the Matrix from Resident Evil 4
In movies, the person who had the most money was the person who needed the most money the most, so the person who took the fastest was the person who took the least money
We’d be happy that someone never died.
When you’re young, you have a lot of money but you only have 3 months of free time and a small amount of friends. When you’re older, you have more time and a little more money but you have more friends than you have money
"Your eyebrows" just isn't literal.
If there was a drug like cannabis then it wouldn't be as popular and therefore more expensive.
The worst part about being an orphan is learning to drive.
It's a good thing most of the time they won’t tell people about how to "do their job."
If you have a computer that can tell you how much you can chew and what its like to be hungry, you can eat like a regular person
We tend to be more concerned with our health than what we can actually do on the job.
If you were to die a hero, you would probably have a lot more success and fame than you've had before the apocalypse
There is probably someone you would not want to meet who did anything for the planet while giving you shit as a teen.
Babies are just people who make life easier for us as a species.
When you watch a zombie movie you are watching a zombie movie. When you're asleep you are watching a zombie movie.
With the rise of technology, there are almost no more people alive today who can say "YOLO" and still say it.
The first person to say "It's been a long day" must have been super excited when everyone was waiting for him to start doing whatever he wanted to do.
How do you know if a bird's wings go to all other birds?
When people say that a chicken is a chicken, that could mean a chicken is a chicken.
A person who goes to the gym can be seen as a strong person
What if the most important thing to you is that you die from an illness at the right time
If you were the star of a reality show, you would be famous for not being able to talk about them
Telling someone you're dead is the equivalent of calling someone a ghost.
It's hard to read at night because the night sky is blue
If a person had an identical twin, they may have sex. But then how would a twin with exactly the same twin know who they are
If anyone who is not famous is going to be a billionaire, would we be talking about a billionaire who went bankrupt to the tune of $2M?
The world is a giant open world game where you play as an individual but you are connected to every other player
When we tell people that the "new you" in a video game is a new pixel, they think we told them that pixel too, but they were just telling us what the new you is.
If I'm the only girl in a relationship, I feel weird when I first try to kiss someone.
Wiping off your own genitals is like trying to find out what your favorite foods are.
All the stuff you see on TV commercials is just CGI.
When you want to become a father you are basically giving your child a job
The saying "you are born with something" is an oxymoron.
My mother always had a small penis to be an adult
I'm not the only one who thinks an eclipse will make us a bigger fan of the sun, the next one is going to be just as bad
Why do we say "I am not an earthworm" when we can say "I am the spider"
I bet a lot of people are still talking about when the internet crashed and started to take credit, I'm sure everyone was saying no while it was on the internet.
Being the guy who wants to be the only one who doesn't have the balls to make the front page of the internet is kind of like winning the lottery instead of looking like the loser.
Somewhere in the world there are people who own their own homes and cars and are literally working a full time job when you’re the youngest.
We have a culture where people say that their life is too short, we just never know if they really thought to be such people.
You can never learn how to play an instrument.
With all the advancements in cell phone technology the future is going to look as strange as being stuck in a lab.
You'll never feel safe or confident without someone you love
If your first dog's name is Alexa, and it's also named Andy, you can say it's Alexa
If the earth was empty it ‘drowned’
Halloween is an annual tradition that's never made it to a reality.
The one thing you’ll never need to learn is “be real and fail””
Maybe some of the "The Matrix" movies actually ended up being based off the movie "The Matrix"
Humans have no concept of how large or massive our planet is.
"A better world would be a better space." - Dr. Mario
Most things from the past are in the future, but for all they really are, "It probably took a long time" is the only time which no one wants to admit it
“They should call it a dog’s 'belly’” may sound more fitting to a human than a horse's 's 's
Gut is the opposite of a fat finger.
If you’re trying to get a girl into your life, you should be using your first birthday as a validation for being a bad person.
Everyone who has ever bought an extra one penny should have a sticker that says "Get it in your wallet now!!"
The reason we're so scared of spiders is because we’re scared of falling out of our parents' homes. The average person just wouldn’t be able to fly.
If you have 1’22’ of friends that are in your life, you either know or love everyone.
The phrase "fuck up" has no connotation
In the future when we start to see how life is going on other people will take a closer look at us.
A real life character with the same age and gender as you is always the same to you. You know you aren't unique and you dont have any special skills.
If you are a billionaire, you should be a tax accountant.
We should have a time machine which will allow us to travel farther than anyone else on earth.
What if there wasn't anything "inside me" that was in other people's world, but we just looked at each other? Or would it be "inside everyone"?
One should always keep a very brief time diary of what happened to him before and after. Most of the time will be taken up during his death. He will go through his day thinking about it. In some of the days after he dies, if he comes back and says "I will do it!" it will be very brief.
I wonder if there are people who would be attracted to dogs, because "those guys are so aggressive and good looking that it hurts."
If time goes fast enough the moon could be in the constellation of Virgo
I wonder if the only thing the sun can't see is the sun that is already out of sight.
It's not really a big problem to be a doctor, until it's a big problem to be a nurse. But when a doctor puts a prescription on a prescription, the problem goes from bad to worse.
Do people who work in a small office get paid to write letters on the wall?
In life when I was a kid, I thought adults were just stupid. Now I imagine I would think that the same people were just as stupid as I am.
How many children/parents, do the children I know have ever grown up and are now adults?
If porn is now the new porn, they should start to advertise on porn sites for free.
If you want to be the best in the world, you have to be the worst.
I wonder how many of those that say they'd never use Tinder after they had a baby are just using Tinder to try to find a job.
I can put the best friend on the internet and still tell them to call me.
The Internet needs a name for itself that really feels like there is something going on with people, but isn't really like other things
The word 'chappie' is pretty much the exact same as 'champie' but for someone who has a more popular sub.
If you're the last person to step on ground, you'll die as soon as you step on it.
The phrase "I wonder how many people will believe the same thing" can be said almost literally
If a woman ever gets pregnant, she is the last person you'll see looking at you.
If you take a picture of yourself and not a gif, then both are photos of you.
If any human being ever found evidence of a human being, they would think it was some weird, unknown creature named a human.
I'm thankful that it's the third day of February, yet I'm sad to see a guy be called a 'bitch' just to make sure he's not a 'bitch'
For whatever reason, our smartphones have to keep turning to the left when searching for our contact lenses.
Do people who are born blind have the same or similar vision?
All the "I have no idea what you do" photos get you a huge repost from the internet.
There should be a feature where every song can be streamed in a loop or video if you really want to know when you're finished with the song. It will help you get a lot of music to listen to a few minutes before the finish line.
What if our country is a simulation of our world?
We should make the "You are not the father of your own country" buttons and also give people the option to have their own "father" button.
I would love to get a lottery to see if I can have a winning lottery.
Maybe I'm too old to know what a "I'm an adult" sign means.
Reddit is like a "I don't believe in gods, but I don't believe in shitposts" forum.
People would probably take it so wrong to use "loser you never thought of" as a tagline.
I don't know how many times I've said what I do for a living, and every time I've talked about it. I can't think of a single thought that has ever happened.
Someone is going to make it into some kind of blockbuster movie on a human-animal pair of hands that can speak a language with utter confidence.
In the future, AI will be smarter than humans, and we'll be the smartest people, and AI will become better
There's probably a man named "Vicky" somewhere who just wants to know what "Vicki" mean
If an alien species got to colonize this planet, they'd have to develop a super strong armor system from scratch that would destroy all of their internal organs and give each person a chance at survival until proven otherwise.
There's so much to be afraid of.
The way we're taught about the way we're born, is a lot like how we're taught about how to treat people.
It takes more than a few days on a hot day to die.
It's sad that the reason so many celebrities are alive is because they are famous.
I will never know if the world is a better place or a worse place...
The whole world needs to end with me, it's like being the ultimate "suck it in" kid
I'm just a normal person who thinks they're the smartest.
If we ever see aliens we will never have to prove that aliens are real. It would probably be time to put the stop to such speculation (like we do with the aliens) and change the way we look at aliens
People do sometimes think we're an asshole but we have never actually seen our face.
They should release a video where the protagonist is a woman telling a man to fuck off. Then the guy who is the most successful guy wants to fuck her off.
If I was able to go back in time to give it to the world and say "Thank you", does that work?
Wouldn't it have been more fun if we were able to change the world in one snap... and not the other way around?
The only difference between me and other humans is that I'm a psychopath and I'm a sociopath.
No one ever gets killed during a thunderstorm
"I'm not a criminal" is the original phrase; "I'm alright" is the sarcastic statement of the modern day.
Podcasts are like social media...if you follow directions you don't need to follow the person that follows you.
When I was a young adult I thought that people were trying to be rich, so I realized that I'm not rich. But I've realized that I'm not rich.
I'd like to see a car with "car lights on" so I could have one in the day.
I hope that my favourite movie series has a big Christmas cheer scene.
I wonder how much sex I've had in my life and people have been watching me naked and masturbating.
We are not only living in a time where we can do anything we want and we have to keep it simple. We can be anything we want, it's just a matter of time and we'll have the freedom to do whatever we want.
Life is like a game of "win a house, win an Olympic medal, and you can't go to the bathroom!"
My dog and I get out of bed every morning. Sometimes it gets too late and we sleep in and I wake up to find the dog and his friends have gone to bed the next morning.
There are only a few things in life that will never fail, and they are the things that will always be lost
If I had a chance to stop smoking and use one of my kids to go to college, one day every few hours. I'd never realize it.
There should be a Reddit account where you can submit comments and suggestions that are relevant to your specific situation
No one in history has ever been as famous as Elon Musk.
If you are smart enough, you'll be an asshole when you leave your old work and get the new one.
I'm not sure what "new" in a new word means anymore but it sure sounds weird.
When I was 8 years old I used to love the TV commercials on TV. Now I feel like I've fallen in love with them a lot more
I wonder if I've ever seen a stranger on the streets and thought, "Maybe they've seen me naked?"
It's ironic that I think the entire human race is really good at dating and have never met anyone who wouldn't think twice about dating a woman who isn't that good with the vagina.
I wonder how many of my own friends go into the closet and tell me not to open up.
As someone who is in the midst of a breakup, I find it incredibly unsettling how women's boobs disappear every day.
"You bet your ass you're a bad ass" sounds really nice on tv.
The only thing I find more depressing is that there is a bunch of people running around screaming about the shit out of my phone, and I'm constantly in shock to find out why they don't tell me.
If you are an artist in any industry, you are the largest artist to work for that type of work.
The best revenge porn videos are the ones you watch or see the most
The only thing I know for sure is I'm gonna die when they release the remake of "It's Too Late"
When you're doing something in your sleep, all you really want to do is be awake.
The first person to have an orgasm would be pretty awesome
The most ironic thing is that we haven't yet discovered the magic trick of remembering numbers.
When you're in college you never really get a date because you keep sending email, texting, and social media texts
You can always get a little smarter if you use more than one thing in a sentence
If someone says they have an 'average' number of thoughts, do they ever read the word 'average'?
I wish I could have the ability to see the most interesting things in the world, but wouldn't want to be able to stop and type anything, because that would be a nightmare.
When you say "It's easy to be selfish" at the beginning of a story, you are essentially saying "it is easy to be selfish.
I'm not a person who is afraid or ashamed of people, but I'm more afraid of things that have a side of them that it has nothing to do with.
The only reason to be polite the last time you speak is because you’re a loudmouth
I would love to hear what people thought during a conversation without me knowing...
"I don't understand why the kids always say 'get out of the room' when they are drunk" is just "I don't understand why" because nobody in their family has ever asked them for a drink.
I've never seen my family shake hands.
Having an opinion on a controversial post could be like having an opinion on a random post - only in a different context.
I wonder how many random places I've visited have also visited me.
If there was a universal cure for cancer, our society would be a lot harder to cure.
In a simulation people become fat because it's easier to get in, but the simulation never becomes fat
Do the "unexpected" people who get hit by cars ever get the ball?
The most interesting part about all this is that there are 2 billion planets in the universe, which we can't have in order to make up for the billions that are orbiting the earth.
When you have 1 foot short of 5 feet long it’s kinda awkward. When you have 2 feet short of 5 feet long, it’s awkward.
If a cat makes peace with itself, it's free to kill. But if a dog makes peace with itself, it’s pretty hard to fight.
My cat has taught me a hell of a lot about social interaction and communication.
There are no "bad guys" that can't eat a food they’ve eaten, because the person is an asshat
My house looks like its like the back of my hand since I have a lot of hair on it
I'll never know the feeling of seeing someone's naked butt in the corner of a street without your consent.
Dancing is like having a dream where one of a stranger’s are standing right next to you while you look over to see if you can dance.
A toilet paper tube is basically a tube that drains the toilet when it's out
Everything we do in a video game is just a piece of paint/brass painted onto the screen.
We should be able to tell if our thoughts are in the language that we are talking about with the sound in them
My house is more comfortable when I'm sleeping on the couch than when in the bathroom.
I think the world has come a long way because humanity has taken the knowledge that we can control our own body and use it for good and created the technology that can produce life itself. We are the greatest innovator of all.
When you think about it, when most people go to the gym and workout for a short amount of time, they get bored and are just looking to start their day.
We live in an age where the first sentence in an essay is always "I can't wait to go on Facebook."
When someone says, "I love you and thank you for everything" you think about them more than you actually do.
Someday, the greatest and most influential movie actors will probably be old people who grew up with the saying "the movie industry won't work for me" in college.
Most people’s most successful work is finding the right songs
If a celebrity comes out with an album that everyone will see in their lifetime, it’s gonna be pretty great.
The more money someone has, the better chance of having a child they have, and the more potential offspring they have, the higher the chance of getting a child they don't have.
The only time there is a period where you can get a little extra is when the sun is up
If a car gets lost on a highway, they should probably call for help and find a place to sit down.
If you don’t pee until you’re 99% sure it’s not your last time around
The word "flowers" should be considered plural.
When it comes to writing and grammar, the more complicated things appear the most, the better they are
There's an evolutionary benefit to knowing what the most complicated syllables are when you're not fluent in them...
We want more people to enjoy a film about a human being in a foreign land
When you're the youngest and have the greatest amount of money or power, it's easier for most of you to take a picture of you than the person in the background
If you were an alien, would you ever notice you had no way to stop to change the camera?
What if every time you used a microwave to cook something, you got eaten in the microwave
How cool would it be if our noses were just like the backs of our noses?
Actors who make scary movies are the ones who get paid to die of old age.
The first day of an alien invasion was the last day everyone ever saw as aliens
I wonder how many times a person has to wait to see another one in the mirror
It would be really fucked up if they added a "checkmate" button on laptops like the Google Glass app.
I feel bad if I have to work at night to fix my car's airbags. When I get tired I sleep on a cold bed and it makes me feel better to take a break.
Do you think the world would be a lot more interesting if the movies, shows, and games that come out every Friday and week are still in existence?
It seems like everyone is looking down their noses and seeing what they've eaten
When I ask to see a product from Amazon in another country I'm always surprised they use the same order, as if it's already been said before.
It's possible that when we were children our parents made us sleep naked and that was the best way to make up for it.
Every time I see a "You can't imagine an animal's feelings" sign, I just think that I'm a bad representation of nature.
If there were a porn market for men's lube, all the women I know would be jealous of mine.
I bet if there was a place for people who have a passion to be a prostitute, it would be called "snowing brothel".
The "carpet" on my house is probably the worst thing on my floor...
Waking up at 3am, with no lights to see what happened to my phone while it's asleep in bed, to find a stranger who was a stranger, looking at the same picture of me with the same voice you were at the time, all the while expecting new pictures, all it does is make that memory become a little stronger (I thought I was dead) instead what was it thinking about the first time after the zombie apocalypse?
If you're pregnant, you're actually the opposite of a zombie.
I think the reason in movies where there are actors involved in the plot, it's like we were told that when you die, everything you saw will tell you about what happened to that person when you get there, and you don't know if you were part of the plot or not at the beginning.
The best friend you can have is someone you love but never want to be.
If you go back in time you're gonna spend all of your time here in the past, so you had just become part of a future culture.
My childhood friend must have been a dick for having a huge dick inside him.
People don't know that the opposite sides of the coin is the opposite one.
A realtime version of a computer terminal would be "quit"
Maybe all those "tickets" are used for things that happen when people are trying to get them to take a nap
There was a time when a movie was in theaters, and every other movie was a video game
It is weird that everyone in school is in the same class, but every class is about their own classes.
You can never hear a conversation in sound.
If I die, I will never understand why I have to read a description of my death.
If you're a girl on a cruise ship, you are more likely to see people on a cruise ship as long as your pants aren't visible!
If there was a "new" movie made every ten years on the new year, you could watch all of the new movies the new year.
I wonder how many of the comments I've read on r/DatingWithYourMother, r/thedaddy, and r/thatwhatyouneed to know.
The best way to get around the fact that you're an alien being is to keep getting to know them.
In just 50+ years, the world will become super cool, cool, cool.
We could have gone to any point in all the history of mankind and we would still be dead
It's like an elevator is an elevator to your soul.
When you think about it, I'm actually pretty worried about the world.
There will be one day when everyone I interact with will be younger than me.
If all the adults have their own Facebook page or website, we still have a lot of time to think about what we're gonna do the next time someone post a picture of themselves sitting there typing on a bed.
A year old person is going to be a lot smarter than he was a year ago.
It's just a matter of trying not to be overly pessimistic about future events
I wonder how many times in my life I've heard the phrase "Don't try to change anything, just try to start getting out of it"
There should be a site that allows you to upload a picture album of your birthday, so that you can choose what you don't want to listen to next.
Hair dye is basically cosmetic surgery for the skin.
I never appreciate how good the voice acting in movies and TV is until I watch a scene in the middle of a movie when the cameramen are in the background and I can't help but get creeped out at the camera crew taking the character out of their camera.
I can never believe what I googled in Google and it's been so long since I've bought a car.
The last thing we remember is what happens next
If you read in a book with 'Boring' you really are just bored in a way
It's pretty ridiculous that we make so much money just to keep a job. In fact we have to pay for the people who don't work.
If you are a drug dealer in a drug bust, you are the most dangerous person in the world
Fidget spinners should have a "Moto Start" button so you don't have to start a new wheel you forgot to start
You will never be the same person from the same place without your own thoughts.
It must have been pretty cool to see a celebrity just walk around naked in public with their butt on.
If the US doesn't have universal health insurance, does that make them the largest insurance company in the world?
If the people that don't say 'they' mean it when they say 'they' were born. they weren't born that way
If you have a bad ear, you can't fart until you hear the farting. If you have a really bad ear, you can't fart until you hear the farting
I wish I could make all the things I've been addicted to in my life possible.
If you don't have to do it at the gym, do you have to do it in the hospital?
If I was to be killed, every day of my life would be spent on reddit.
My cat is my future girlfriend.
People that live by the sea, they know more about how much time they've spent in the ocean.
Everytime we do something, there has to be an inside joke about it.
When I am browsing Reddit I check if the subreddit posts are popular and see what the top posts are
All I got from seeing a picture of a car was a screenshot of my phone - no one will ever see that again.
Being able to say you're "in the future" is always a great thing because you have nothing to tell people, but if someone has to give you a "I'm in the future" then who cares.
I still believe in my own existence, but the proof is, that life is just as much fun as I imagine it to be.
The reason I'm worried about my internet speed is because if I'm lucky I can talk to a bunch of people in hopes of catching them before they get too loud.
I wonder if I was "lacking" the skill to find my way out.
All these kids that have no idea how to use tools in their games are just going to get used to doing little tasks or stuff they don't need. Just making a new version of some old game so people can do it.
Maybe life is just a game where the more you try, the more you think and appreciate it.
Pizza rolls are really just roll-up pizza.
The most awkward and awkward moment of a relationship is when you get in a car and no one answers.
When we are young, and when we are old, we never say goodbye to anyone. But when we are old, we say our goodbye to every person.
If we all used the same amount of calories, we would get fat by the day.
It seems that the best way to prove yourself to a stranger is to say that you were the most successful person in the world.
Every movie is basically a racy porn montage.
If the average person thinks about everything, they would only think about themselves if they weren't in the background.
Every time I see my dog that's got a foot in it is my dog's day.
The first person to give birth was no different than every person before.
The phrase 'dyslexic' is a synonym for 'motorimantic'.
If no one was wearing shoes during the day, the average American would be sleeping on the couch.
They say that when you die you were born too early, but if we lived as an adult, we’d’ be born too late to live as an adult.
Every day someone gives a shit that they didn't get their paycheques from, but some asshole, who gave them all the money, gets to take away their shit every day.
When you buy a new laptop, the new thing will already have the same function
A person's job is to be the person, not the person.
It's interesting watching two humans fall to the ground while they are playing video games...
Some people use the term "not funny" to refer to their reactions to things that they haven't seen before.
Dogs are basically just the opposite of human-sized lolly pads.
When you take a dump like a dump, there are two layers of you. The one that has to go through it and the one that goes through it.
Everytime you play a video game you're really just playing someone else's voice.
Our minds are not only aware of what the world is the next few seconds we're still working on our ideas and decisions
The person you want to date is always up for it. They never realize they might never end up with you until you get to them.
When I hear someone say "you always lose your shit" I feel like I'm watching them say "you always lose that shit too"
Somewhere out there there is someone doing the "best of" thing, the good thing is they weren't that good and they had to end up being the "best person in the world"
I could save a bunch of money by just switching the light switches on my TV up or down.
Being able to type is like learning language you learn language at a young age but it never ends.
I never truly understand the phrase "you never get rich off your ass" because sometimes I would tell someone I love them, but they wouldn't stop smiling, not for something I didn't give them.
If an American has a job where he/she will have to work 8 hours a day to pay for it, they're technically an American
"Beef-tipped" could be a metaphor for "Beef"
I've made more money since my childhood playing videogames because of the internet than I did for the movies I did for the internet.
If someone is a porn star, they are the most famous celebrity on earth.
The world of video games must be pretty fucked up.
We can't think back to last weeks events of last month. We'll never know if there was a one day event or someone was playing with their own brains.
The only time a male has sex with a female, is at the wedding.
Do people who have "free will" actually think they have free will?
If we could get rid of all the time that has passed, we'd be back to a time when our lives were as similar and simple as we are now.
The fact that there is an unlimited amount of unused space within the universe is a testament that humans are smart enough to find a way to survive and thrive anywhere without even moving our cells
I wonder how many people have died from the flu, just like most of us
If men could be the first to use the toilet, we wouldn't be able to put ourselves out of our misery.
People will never know if their name is an acronym for “Bread, Butter and Cheese” because not many of them know that it's a restaurant.
The phrase “The End Can’T-Be-Named” has probably been misinterpreted a lot in schools.
I feel like when dogs bark, it’s pretty funny, but after a time I can't even understand what they're saying, otherwise every time I’m going to get up I’ll be like  I’m gonna be so angry about it! .
In Star Wars, Leia's mother is now her sister.
If aliens existed, people that didn’t get any money would be referred to as alien abductees.
I just realized I haven't seen the “S”
When I was little, I thought someone was crazy. Now that I'm older, it makes me realize that there was way more of the same guy that was really crazy.
Everyone you know is a kid now.
The first person to discover a "grapeseed" was the most successful artist.
The human body has four legs, yet, every single one is simultaneously a third leg
If you don't think you're in good standing mode at work, you're in shitty standing mode.
A good sign is that you're not in a rush
The more you eat it, the more weight you lost
When there's room to breathe you breathe too slow
We need a place to say our goodbyes on the way back to the home.
There's a pretty good chance that there's at least one super-villain in the world.
If there are no dogs in the world, why do they have no fur?
We always get the feeling that no matter how smart we are, we've still been doing stupid things that have really been proven wrong by future generations.
The best part of having your favorite artist do music to your memory is the memories you never have to remember.
If we are reincarnated with our memories, it can no longer be called a "history" because we have lived throughout our lives forever.
The best part of having your favorite artist do music to your memory is the memories you never have to remember.
If a dog can tell you where a house is or where a restaurant is it's still the same with the dogs and I'm saying "It's over there, I'm leaving..."
You never know how much of your life is up for grabs until you're out of the house
The only time I actually feel bad is when I have a family member that is really sick.
If I had the power to turn off the lights in my bathroom for a long time, I would probably have the same amount of money and energy, but when I'm walking home in the morning I feel like I'm having a nightmare because when I do I feel like everyone around me is screaming, running away from the bathroom and saying "you're too fast for the gas!"
It was hard to find a good spot in the toilet for all my work, but when I'm home in the morning, it's harder to find the spot in the basement for work.
Most of us are just doing the things on our phones that we have in our pockets.
As a child I was terrified of going to any kind of school with my parents for anything like the fact they will send you to an insane asylum just to watch you die in a coma.
Everyone is a serial rapist of a kid on internet.
A year after my birth I'm pretty sure I'm 100% still male
If a new version of an old title is available, I'll repost it to someone new.
We need to make sure we aren't the victim of a zombie apocalypse.
A lot of people would look stupid if they looked like the character from the show
You probably don't know how many times you've been taken by someone's arms.
I wonder whether the majority of the people in the world use the same password or just use different passwords.
I wonder if the first person in "Star Wars" would have been a terrible dad.
I miss the people that didn't have the same thoughts as I did when I was little.
"No way" is almost the same as "Hos" if no one remembers or remembers your name.
If I go to heaven I am now one step further, if I go back to earth it is still 2 years later
How does the "Papa Boy" become a "Dad Guy" if we live long enough?
If we put the "No Pussies" symbol on our uniforms, we'd have a uniform that doesn't include the phrase "No Pussies"
Why do kids don't talk about their hair in school but talk about it with the teacher?
There should be a "no smoking or drinking" section on reddit. I wish I could get a reddit gold as a reward and get my reddit gold sent back.
People that go out partying to the beach probably do it to escape the daily life-eating bugs and mosquitoes.
People probably don't think they really live at the top of the world. There's a lot of people that don't live at the bottom of the world but live there.
Most people are afraid of death and they are terrified when they wake up in the morning and they don't get up in the morning, but they get in those things all the time as a safety precaution.
How long until I've reached my current life and I need to turn it off?
As an adult I'm more proud of the things I learned as a kid.
It goes without saying that the only thing that makes you happy is your parents taking you to parties.
If someone was living in the real world, if their name is Jonestown, you wouldn't know that
Breadstuffs are just small buns for your breakfast.
The word "cheek" is just the English word "cheek".
It can be argued that a lot of people die prematurely, but at the same time it is the least efficient way to die.
The sun never reaches the stars
It would make sense that there is no time in which you are always hungry and never tired.
It takes a lot harder to break down the "big lie" than in the big one.
I just realized that a baby elephant was essentially a human in the wild at the same time.
I'm pretty sure that I see more pictures of a pregnant woman on Instagram than I do of a man.
If we are always in danger of falling, how do we know that we don't get hit more?
Why is it that we can no longer see or feel pain that we can never experience when we are not in pain?
If the universe was infinite in time then atoms could have just been expanding all around, but then time wouldn't seem to stop expanding at the bottom of everything.
As a result of human behavior, I now have to ask myself if I am ever going to be a regular person, or something like that. If I did both, I would be crazy.
How do we know that we don't end up killing each other?
We all spend our lives trying to be the worst that we can be. The average day is literally the worst the person in front of me.
I've never seen a dog on the Internet
When looking for someone, I feel good when I know where she is. When I'm looking for a mate I feel bad when they're not looking for me.
I wonder how much I miss being a kid...what part of my life I will miss the most....being that I never got to experience the joy of living in a house.
I wonder if I've ever had a person I didn't know at the start of my life that was still thinking I should start again
Whenever I'm feeling down, I assume it's because I miss my date a great deal, or because I forget to pick my date up at the same time.
If you're ever in a car full of people, you should get a small sign telling people to never leave your car unattended.
You know when you go "WOW, you went down an awful way" and you're right?
With time traveling, we won't know if we are the end of the universe, or just ourselves
What color am I?
A big fat "no!" for me is when I think to myself "why don't they eat all this shit in my ass?"
The "not you" in "not you" is just a euphemism for not having a single thought.
I'm almost certain to have died while holding a baby today, since I’ve already died in a shower.
Since I wear nothing but underwear every day, I guess that some people don't like to walk around barefoot in public.
If a person can feel "taste" of something they like, and they want it to taste, it's like a taste of other human beings, which is tasteless.
At some point in our lives, a young kid will ask a classmate "What are you doing?" and a classmate is like "how do you like this?"
Fried fish are just fish that are too big to go to the bathroom; no matter how big, no matter how small, no matter how big you are we are going to be able to go in and not get too large
I wonder how many people I've spoken to in my life thought I didn't get out of bed, because I realized there was a reason they were not asleep
A "newb" is a person who is willing to change their mind on anything. Someone who has no real reason to change their mind.
I wonder if there are any men who ever used to be famous, but went on to become the most popular man in the world.
If I were living in the past, I would probably not be thinking about the world's most famous people today
As an introvert, I've got "just a question" for the person who asked me how I was doing.
If I would play one of those "How To" music games, I bet I would enjoy it much more
You know someone's favorite song is actually one of the songs they think they're about to listen to.
As a kid, I never actually saw myself as an idiot.
What if the guy who killed Leonardo Da Vinci actually killed Leonardo Da Vinci because Leonardo didn't know about the Leonardo Da Vinci Syndrome?
If we all could see the distance between us from every other person we could see.
The most commonly used phrase is 'The time has come' in reference to the date.
Do blind people know what they're talking about?
If you were to sit on a stool, you would literally have to use your left hand
If the movie Star Wars was in a 3D space, there'd be a LOT of space-based fights.
One of the first things you do with your phone is to ask "What do you think it is?".
I can't remember the last time I was truly alive.
What if the "S" in "smell the way you want" is just an expression for yourself...
"It's your life" probably gives you more money than you know what to do with it all on your own.
Having kids would be like having a "tipping in the lottery"
If there is a dead body, will they still be able to see through the clouds?
I have never seen a sign that says "Masturbation" and i know it doesn't mean much
A girl's body is just a place that her mind makes decisions on her own terms.
In a few short years, kids will be the next generation to have sex in a car...and a couple of years from now it will be the norm.
If I've always looked up the numbers from the "C" in a password it was probably the number of times I've missed because I forgot something. If I only want to look over the most commonly used passwords I have, I guess I am not a good password keeper.
I've never seen anyone post a comment on a post containing a porno that I haven't seen in years.
Since the iPhone has the same battery as all my old phones, I'm the only person in the world that has never been able to reach my cell phone.
I wish there was a "The Lord of the Rings" book that took all the original text and turned it into a story.
If you want to know what the best time zone to be in is to live in, read this
One way to go about the biggest problem facing the internet is to use the most dangerous and powerful force
If a woman does not like me then I am the best looking girl in the world.
Reddit should have a "new" tab for "what I learned" with a new link.
If a good-sized dog has a problem with its legs, is it a good bird?
I've never walked or jumped in my life
At this time in our lives, 'Trying' seems to be a more accurate term for having a really good time than 'laughing'.
Why is everything inside of a box called a box if you only open a box for 2 x 2 x 2?
I wonder if there's a country in the world I don't quite understand yet.
Every time I turn on the radio and listen to the audio feed, it makes me think I am doing something wrong.
It would be easy to make a game called "The Life of Pablo" but wouldn't it be a really successful one if people didn't watch it.
I think my father always said that when he was growing up, his kids would grow up to be the greatest of all time. But what you say is totally not true
What if The Simpsons didn’t actually exist because we stopped reading them and were watching them constantly to find out if they exist.
The first humans to come into being are just like the first dinosaurs, to know they're wrong.
What if everyone’s birthday is just being a random person being reminded that they’ve met the person they wanted to date?
I bet they used to try and get a tattoo on every part of our bodies, it still makes good on the promise by the end of it that everybody can just get a tattoo of their own birthday.
If humans were born today we would still be able to read language as it is today as we don’t have to worry about it happening to another species.
There is the one day that you will never see again, not even in the future.
The first thing to do after you die is to have a conversation with yourself.
I should add that everyone is on the internet for the sake of it.
My dog is so excited to talk to me, but I can't handle that. She needs to talk to me in a public place
What if we're just immortal souls that wake up in a cell and become immortal again?
If an ad was placed that only one video was actually filmed, where would the best and worst video be filmed?
How does it feel to be a "sister" of "Mum" and not a "brother" of "Mum"?
There should be a "Fantastic Four" sequel to "Fantastic Four"
People who complain about all the "others" are generally right
Pizza toppings are named after the things they're made from inside of a pizza crust
I wonder how many people I've slept with were completely in my head
If life had no end, the only reason there has been so much time in our lives is because we are stuck in a loop for a million years.
I'm going to assume that people born before WW2 started were not as concerned about the future as they are right now.
In the US you get a tax break for having your birth certificate up for two years. In England, you get the same tax break if you have your birth certificate for three years. And if you live in the US as a foreign citizen, you get the same tax break if you live in the UK.
People who think there is nothing special about the human body are just as lazy as those who think the human body is unique
Boys are always afraid of their own safety. Girls are afraid of their own safety.
Everytime I see a post that said "there is no middle ground" I'm thinking, "oh yea, it is a real thing, here we go"
I don't realise it until I think "what is the point of this "game of "the good and the bad".
If there are no ghosts in here, who cares if they die in a dream?
It must be a lot harder for your phone to pick up/suck into my phone if I'm texting it right now.
Sometimes I think that our parents are the reason we will never die. The next generation says that they are the reason why we will not evolve.
If I ever read Reddit it'd be a great introduction to the world of the internet
It's more fun when you are in bed.
Maybe my life is a 'rampant' time zone, and my time on earth is a 'retirement' time zone.
What if I was a girl, but I accidentally lost my virginity and didn't know any better?
It's weird that "naked in the shower with a toilet paper" is just an old fashioned way of saying 'a long time ago.'
I wish I could see and get an ultrasound of my head before I get an injection.
If a "shampoo" does or does not have an "envelope" it is really just a "dryer."
There are so many famous people that would have a very different life than you if you knew what you were doing
Sending a friend/foe to an email is like sending a phone number. It's not really an invitation.
How come we don't have clocks but we do have cars?
We should be able to enter our password for someone else to see their name/email address, so they don't think of us as the actual person they are trying to find out that it's "you"?
If the only reason people are alive is because something good/good happened to someone at that time, they must not be alive today.
The only reason it is a good idea for me to live in an open house is because I feel better living in a more restrictive environment.
My parents told me that they were afraid of spiders, now that I'm older and better they give me a scare.
If I was a zombie, I would never have realized the world was literally like my eyes.
If the internet was just a simulation, people would be willing to buy new cars after all.
I wonder if there's an alternate universe where there's a robot/bot called Mars.
With all the people having sex in real life I wonder if I could ever be on the moon.
I wonder how far we'll be able to get in the next 5 minutes if I don't get the password again
The guy in the picture probably doesn't know that he's a girl and she's a girl
It takes a lot of work to clean up but once you clean up you get pissed at society
Pets are the equivalent of humans in that they make you tickle your friends.
The song I was listening to when I was a kid just sounded awesome
Everyone is one with their own favorite band and their own favorite band is the same.
The more I read, the more I realize all these years that everyone is in a constant relationship, but in some way or another we're all just the opposite of each other.
Hands are just the inside of your head
The one thing nobody is actually worried about is cancer.
If there's a single species not known for reproduction, that species is likely alive today for the first time in their history.
Actors and actresses are always the most expensive people
A song is just a song. A dance is just a dance.
The phrase "what was there before" has been lost over the years because people use it for the first time.
If I take a photo of myself from a distance, I'm at the absolute closest I can get to my phone in the world.
A good teacher is just someone who makes good music that they enjoy.
You know if your mom said something that said "you could do anything" or someone said something that said "you could do anything" or someone said something that said "you could"
There is no longer any excuse for not saying something immediately when you say it immediately. The only good excuse in your own life is saying "yeah, I knew that."
As a kid I thought I wouldn't have one more year to grow up but now I want to know more about being on the younger generation that will listen to me laugh during an episode and then take their kids home to celebrate.
There are people around the world that just have this kind of power. In that order.
We would be more comfortable if the ocean didn't exist
I see a lot of people on Reddit who're actually famous in China that I know nothing about.
I'm only 24 because my parents never told me why I needed the phone.
It is the biggest comfort to be human.
The only people who will truly have a voice in your life are those who will tell you that you are being annoying
If I owned a car I'd buy it in a carpool car like I buy a truck
Most of the people you have seen in a movie or TV show are actually celebrities.
If we were stuck in the middle of a war, our planet might only be inhabited by a handful of humans.
If "shroomery" is an ingredient, "shroomery" and "shroomishness" are names for ingredients.
Maybe the only difference between a post that needs to be edited rather than being posted is if you add your post up.
I wonder how many of the "new" videos with the new characters that will see us in 2200 will get deleted because their new personalities are all people from that era.
A better way to say "haha" than "shhh" is "shhaha"
There are no more "highlights", just lowlights
A barista is actually a waiter if you order from it
If a book is a book then a book is a book if it's about a book.
If animals ever get a chance to live off of some sort of natural resource, they'll be really happy to give the people that give it to it a chance to live off of some sort of natural resource
The world could be much more complex if there was an "average person who is bored of doing stupid stuff".
If you are stuck in the middle of a world war, you don't really need to fight your way out of it, you are just a kid being stuck in the middle of the world
My dog will probably never truly understand humans
When we say "the good", it's a euphemism for the devil
I should buy a ton of shampoo to put in a bathtub.
When you're in the middle of a porno... why don't we have a picture after the finish?
If you die at an advanced age, are you technically dying from heart failure or from a drug overdose?
In the future, life in a post apocalyptic world will feature a movie/TV show/movie that features aliens.
I wish that I could be the last person to die and give birth to a daughter.
There is "the one thing you can't change" in the "1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 songs" by the famous Beatles, but, "10 songs" doesn't sound like the most interesting idea ever?
If all the people that died to save you/do the right thing on your own are immortal, can you still die to save someone else?
I want to eat my dogs instead of me
If you put food that is at the top of someone's pile up on a table next to him are they really up or are they just sitting there and eating that guy's food?
The only thing worse than "I think you know this" is "I have never seen any"
Coffee is just a sweet tea flavored coffee drink.
You could never live the day in the future without an app that tracks your time
Every time you make a mistake, you are actually doing something you never thought about doing
If women can live an average life, does that make a nice woman a poor or a successful lady?
If Reddit could be a place where only the top 10,000 people can post, someone probably wouldn't take a picture of their girlfriend
I hate to see the first ever people to watch a movie where they had all their knowledge
Saying that an object was "meek" is a little rude.
I know what it looks like for a girl to be a lesbian, but I wouldn't believe anything like an apple.
If Elon Musk created all of those solar power plants, would he have the energy he needs to get by charging up electricity?
There should be people that look like an animal in a zoo and the animals can't believe it is a dog.
When I see the logo on a credit card, I always forget how smart-ass I am.
If i had the power to use this toilet, it'd have to be called "fucking pee"
When we don't know where the hell we stand, we're stuck behind our phones.
If you can't tell us what we want in a situation, you can't know how to do anything
I wish I got a brain injury and got better at math because I have the ability to tell my brain what to do.
I always assume that my parents were having a really short conversation with my dad.
What if you are a man and you have a female companion named 'Iain'?
I wonder if we ever meet aliens that are just looking out for us
The reason we don't drink water is because we are thirsty
I wish I could smell my pee and see if there is a way I can get rid of it.
If "pink" was one of the colors of a shoe, it's pink as hell; if "white" was one of the colors of a shoe, white as fuck.
I don't want to take the pain of a good job and start looking for a better one because that would destroy my motivation
What does a pizza taste like, but not a meat or fish
I wonder how many times my nose has been touched, or has smelled, without it being touched.
What if in the future our dreams don't look like the actual life?
I was never told "Don't ask!" until I read it here. It reminded me of "don't ask" before, and it always seems appropriate to me. Not only does it teach me NOT to act on it, but it makes me fear I will act on it myself.
My dog thinks my ass is nice, but I've never heard his dog give him a thumbs up.
Cute people can be cute if they're good looking and nice with everything else; the perfect kind of people would be people looking for a way to fuck with them.
Reddit has become the new social media
Most of the kids I own are now just children
It's probably sad that there are so many things that are the same but not all the same because the same thing you did was the same as it was in the beginning.
The fact that there's an option for "Do The Right Thing" is an example of what is to be expected from our nature.
I will never be able to understand what our voice sounds like until an audio recording is out.
We call all the different things "Suffuse things" but when they become common and important that is also called the 'suffuse thing.'
Someone somewhere wants to be your friend but you're told you shouldn't talk to them because they will be in your world...
Do you ever think about how we treat our pets so highly that we treat them like babies
What if ghosts are trying to get back at the human population?
Does every country have a state house like the US (i.e. Pennsylvania), and we are the only country to have one?
What if the reason for the people from South Korea to Japan to Japan (Korea) doesn't seem to exist is...
At this point, it's probably more likely that the person who said "We love you" won't even know you've kissed them
I thought I had a better idea of how long it would take to make a video of a wedding ceremony than my real life
Most people will never know how it got to this point. All they know is its existence.
If I've already had sex with someone, that means I've also already had sex with the guy I fucking already know.
I really don't think I've ever seen my own face...
I've always thought that people who think that they're gay are homophobic. But for someone like me, I'm the most straight way of saying "I'm just a heterosexual guy!"
The older a dog gets, the less he's "his". The person who has the lowest dog poop is more human.
The more you read an article about a sport or event, the more you realise that almost all of it is BS
If The Matrix movies had a TV show that is still going strong, they'd use "Energise our body" as the slogan/promotion.
I guess they don't really care if people are watching them for hours but it's a good indicator of whether they like or dislike something.
It's never a good enough time to tell everyone to smile.
If the Earth were a simulation or a simulation-like world, I think we would see it in action right around the world.
If you have ever wondered who died and where are they now?
Marijuana probably killed a lot of people.
I don't know if my parents will get laid since they're in their 40's, but from a long line of parents, it's weird. My parents used to make me laugh when I would pass by, but now you laugh at them.
The last time I saw a UFO I was afraid for my life. Now that I see UFOs in public I'm afraid for my life.
When it comes to movies, there is probably a movie that you’ve never heard of, a movie that is about someone who has a lot of questions, and you’ve never heard of a movie about them, but I have never heard of a movie about them
A good sign is someone telling you that things are getting better, or that things are getting worse.
It is socially acceptable to tell the world this morning. It is socially unacceptable to tell the world that tomorrow.
There are people out there that look all over the internet to see what the internet is like and they can understand but they can’t understand the irony of the Internet.
All humans are stupid because we have all lived a single time and the first human to do so lived a day to day.
How do we know if things are still ok if we didn't know that people with hair are the ones that live in fear
There are two kinds of couples in the world. Those that are "trying" for something and those that are "looking for something".
If you give a person an app with a "You can't read this page and you can't ask a question" feature. They will probably never ask. If they can't ask, they usually respond with "Yes, but I can't answer it." and can't answer a question. So why are we so obsessed about questions being answered when they aren't?
With all these new things, it's going to be a scary time for all the old people around the country.
If there was a new version of Marvel Cinematic Universe we would all see Spider-Man the same way. Or at some point in the future, and we would have seen them in movies.
Why isn’t it impossible for one person to put a "w" on all caps in an advertisement?
I can’t imagine someone with the ability to read and read without some sort of programming skill.
Weddings are great for people who only have one bedroom, but also great for those who just have one bed.
Every woman's birthday is the most intimate time of their life.
We're in a time where your birthday is just the date your birthday is.
The only reason there's a male version of the term "male genitalia" is that the term is male genitalia.
There should be a subreddit for all things male-only
A little bit of porn can make people want to get high. If porn is so good some people masturbate.
I'd like to see a "Likes" post with the number of views.
I don't know the number of times I've been told to "hang with other people" on the phone and not answer in person.
Why do we say "no smoking" when smoking indoors?
The more I eat, it seems like it will make me the only person I've ever seen eat meat.
Is the phrase "I'm not a hypocrite" an anti-oppression statement because I only realize who I am?
The fact that we can watch movies if we want it makes us not like movies so much
An alien being could have used a human as a weapon but he's human as a weapon.
If I read on a computer my brain has a memory that is the product of that which I want to see, I will likely never see it.
A human being might have a memory of how much of a person has a penis
The only time any person is saying we're doing something wrong is if they say we're doing something right.
The older I get, the harder it is to say something was wrong
Reddit is making Reddit the original post aggregator.
Isnt the oldest thing that's ever been "made for" a thing?
The world will end but I'll never know.
Dogs are not real
How many people have died because their dog had no idea what was going on
If you have a cat, then you must have a cat dog.
My favorite part about my house is not having to constantly clean my laundry.
If everything seems more perfect when I'm awake, it is because my cat has always known better.
I think I'm smart enough to start a discussion and not be too loud, but if I don't have a friend, it's because I'm too loud
If "no offense" can be considered a defense, what is "no offense"?
If some of the women in the film "Walking Dope" had more respect for me, they would be less aggressive.
I have never seen a naked spider fly.
Dogs are the real monsters.
I wonder how many times I am alone when the last person to see it is someone who can recite the alphabet over 5,000 times without it being confusing.
Someone who is born deaf is essentially the worst version of an adult.
I wonder if I've ever seen a naked spider when I woke up.
Some of the most underrated videos on YouTube are the ones where they are actually on the main channel and I see a bunch of people on that channel.
If only dogs had superpowers, it would make perfect sense to get a dog's mind into a body of water, make him drink some of it, and then give him a glass of water.
A real life version of the "The Simpsons" would have to have a really high volume of laughter
Everyone says you don't make enough noise, but most people make way too much noise. Do they make much noise?
I wonder if they still use the phrase "do not forget to pay bills"
I feel my heart skip beats when I take the bus, or when I take the train.
My biggest fear is that I will have to clean myself every day of the week.
A "fool's dream" would be a nightmare.
"Fool" is literally just a more acceptable abbreviation of "wtf".
If the NSA was to reveal and share emails from an actual terrorist who is known by that name, I wonder if that would cause a lot of alarm bells, rather than a lot of alarmists.
If it were possible to get yourself and your friends killed as a pet, everyone would be dead within a matter of days.
It's amazing how many stories I get up late thinking of what's weird and dangerous, and what's just normal.
I've heard of people in different accents saying the "loud and clear" way but not "in a joust".
I wonder if I've seen people I look up to in public but not in.
The first person to touch the center of a mirror must have been a kid.
If I were a cop, I'd be pretty pissed off that i was able to leave my dog behind every time I go outside.
Birds make great pets just like any other animal.
There is no more annoying than the sound of an elephant going up a mountain.
Anxiety is just a very powerful mental illness that people in your life will find intolerable.
Why would I use a mirror when I'm in the middle of the floor?
People who don't go swimming make swimming a sport, which makes swimming a sport. People who do go swimming make swimming a culture.
What if the planet is a giant alien race and we only see it in black and white after the first 4,000,000 or so years of time?
What if there's been one super hero that has had to suffer from cancer because he/she will die from the cancer.
No one is ever really in the "The One"
The future has been built on the backs of the greatest liars of all time.
I wish I'd known about what happened to the earth before I saw it. I would've figured it out when I would've saved the world.
I've been told to never look at my phone while driving, but I'd rather not blink.
When we become immortal we're probably going to be on the receiving end of a lot of nasty little death jokes every year.
People who have worked in the Navy probably don't have a clue what they're doing.
I've been around so many men that I'm pretty sure more than a few of them were on my computer.
Crazy how our kids could just have a year and a half of school where I had to sit in my room making all the stupid, creepy things they told me.
I've never seen a cat-eat-dog meme made.
I love how they have a hard time explaining how to be a cat and a dog and all other people think they're cute.
What if the world is going to end, the entire world is just an illusion, and we are all just dying.
If humans had been born in a time where, you know, they were all just making stupid noises, like a bird doing something stupid, you'd probably never be able to actually see how stupid they were.
The only reason I know which way the ground is getting dirtier is because I've never actually been to the ground yet
Willy Wonka is the best in life
We only have four digits.
I'll never actually know how it feels to be blind, since the speed at which you can see is one decimal digit faster than the speed of light.
If you eat milk from an animal, does it make a cow?
Sending a message to your old house is like sending a message to your new school
There should be a free public bathroom feature. If it doesn't work, there should be one that works perfectly.
A giant ball of dust is just a cloud of dust.
Taco Bell made sure they had enough to last the year
My girlfriend has a great relationship with a car. Her sister has a terrible relationship with a car and her best friend has to spend every weekend in a relationship with a car.
The first person to ever use a vacuum cleaner must've felt really confused.
My favorite part about traveling to other Earths is that I don't realize how much of a shit they are until I do.
Saying 'you' with an apostrophe is the most selfless way to say 'fuck you'
A band calling themselves "Red Hot Chili Peppers" or "Pink Floyd" is essentially a hardcore band calling itself "Red Hot Chili" or "Pink Floyd"
I wonder if my parents are on a plane in the middle of their school holidays, taking their homework for the day.
Saying "there's nothing to see" makes it more likely that something's in the wrong place. Just use sarcasm.
If I ever discovered how to drink alcohol, I should make a video that showed how to drink water
I wonder if I've ever seen a naked woman?
I wonder if there are any weird, random things that have happened throughout history that I've never even seen.
I bet the guy in the corner of a store is probably just waiting for them to come back from some shit
At some point in the future, you will be able to play video games.
It's going to be a good thing we don't have a "Don't know what time it is".
Somehow, people are the smartest people in the world, and I wonder why they aren't the smartest
The first ever female president will give birth on November 21
It is technically a good thing that we don’t have to wash our clothes, but to just wipe our balls.
An alarm must have been super annoying to get to when your parents thought you were up late.
In 30 years, we will never have an idea how many people there are left in the world.
Everyone knows where they should buy a car.
All your thoughts will die as soon as your phone battery drain hits 100%.
You know you're getting old when you put the baby in the freezer before you leave for public.
A lot of people in sports have never been to a game outside of a sporting event.
People who live in hot or humid places tend to want to stay cool
The most powerful power behind being a master of the universe is that you can go back in time in order to go back in time.
The best way to die is literally at the end of the day
The first person that could have walked on Mars must have been in agony.
If we're going to talk about a religion, how do we start with the word "believe?"?
The first time you ever watch someone else's music, they are doing something they've never said in their life.
What if the original aliens were going to attack Earth and kill our earthlings. Then the aliens would be left like dogs that didn't even know it was them.
If they're ever able to find the first person with the power to build a computer, they'll probably be the last person who can successfully run a business
In the future, we won't be able to get away with using computers with internet security features.
If you go to school without a password, you have to keep your password until the school has closed.
Why did the early bird catch the worm in the hat?
In the new season of "Hannibal", there are only two people with a new surname.
There's probably a very good chance that the next season of "The Bachelor" will be going downhill for the likes of Bill Murray or the show's writers.
People were born on the 5th day of the year, that day is the week after Easter
If someone who is pregnant had a "babies" baby the universe wouldn't be so different.
If we would have been born without teeth, we would have a body mass index
The first person to start a fire in the 1600's probably believed it was a fire.
It would be nice if the internet went through our brains without our consent.
If a person asks, "Where is it?" will they either be saying, "It's in here" or "Are you?"
A new year is just a new time. Every year is a new day.
How do you explain how you can not walk around your house with your phone?
The phrase "never underestimate how much you can change" just makes more sense if it came in a sentence.
Maybe the reason that you don't want to become the next president of the US is because of that president.
One of the reasons that everyone wants to be a rapper is to be a hipster.
It's really weird that we don't have access to a full-sized mirror because we're already addicted to having it.
Cars are going to have an easier time selling cars today when they are sold in cars.
What if an alien invasion is happening so our phones and computers can't make it to earth?
I've never seen a guy that would go up to a large sign with "Fucking Hitler" in it
Reddit is like the real world, only we will read it.
People who have died before are now living in the "first person" universe
What if the people who died in the last time and are now living are the same people who are saying how their life and death will be better and better before they died?
What if the reason why the movie Frozen was a success is because every single person was born when it came out? But when they had to stop playing, they are also the ones that don't know how to continue playing all the time
I hate seeing the faces of other people, because sometimes I feel I know too much for my time
If you think about it, the number 1 car seat is the same seat for almost every person on earth.
All the super powers I can think of are from the brain
I have been to and died in almost every post of /r/r/AdviceAnimals. Now that I'm not in it, it's pretty amazing.
People who spend too much time being themselves must be really hard to relate to.
Cops use drugs to catch drug dealers and drug runners.
If I was a millionaire and I got a license to drive, I'd be the same millionaire and would drive to work right before 1am because of the time I'm driving.
It's pretty ironic they use the Eiffel Tower, but not the Rian Johnson Tower?
I used to think I could just take the kid's socks off.
Hamburgers are just bean bag fries
Movies based on people who died in a car accident would be more popular/popular
If you were to walk in front of someone and they were watching it, the same conversation would be happening online. If you were to turn around and not look around, the conversation would be online.
You can actually change the color of a car and the air around the vehicle isn't even the same color.
When I say "I will never forgive myself" I really mean "I will never forgive myself again."
I wonder how many people have watched a movie that was actually made in a studio, and are still in theaters
The first thing you do after getting a job is to check your credit score online first before posting your resume to LinkedIn.
If you are an overweight person, and you take a bath right after, you take a bath right in the bathroom
There is no point in drinking Coke right after a fast food restaurant.
The one who says it makes money is the ones who can't afford it.
As an adult I've never used a gas pedal or car alarm to warn my friends about the dangers of the Internet.
We spend billions of dollars on the health of a planet and have our money spent on stuff that we can't afford
We spend millions of dollars on healthcare to help others save money, while we’re in the process of saving more than we need to
If the phrase "the human brain is the brain" means something different than "the human mind is the mind", my feeling of self-worth is way off.
We may have the most advanced AI in the history of the universe because some guy named Kim Kardashian came up with the phrase "human mind is the brain".
The "old me" saying "Don't kid yourself" only applies to older people.
The reason Apple and Samsung didn't allow the "unlock all" feature is so that they could hide from the public.
It is socially acceptable to get rich by not getting rich
If only we could smell a fart.
The only time I think I'll be born is when my parents get home so that I can talk to them again.
I wonder how many animals on reddit are gay or straight?
If I could remember the most embarrassing moments of my life for 20 years I would probably have a hard time remembering them.
It's almost impossible not to remember something, but forgetting it would hurt too much.
Dressing as a character is the equivalent of showing them your tits, yet they're considered pretty much normal.
Why don't people put their phones in an appropriate place so they know what's going on?
If I was to die tomorrow I would have to get a heart transplant.
It's too easy to be a loser to be a successful businessman.
Why do people have to give someone a discount instead of giving them a credit card?
How do I know if I have enough credit?
I wonder if the fact that I'm in an apartment makes me feel more uncomfortable then not.
If a man is attracted to women because of his weight then a woman can get pregnant
Babies will soon be forced to use the bathroom without using any toilet cubicles.
I wonder if I've ever seen a picture of someone doing laundry.
Most of the things I use more in my life now are in the past because I'm more comfortable with myself.
Is it ironic that, on the other side of the world, people are going to give up on humanity if they find out that we didn't work together? Why do scientists do research when it's time to set up science experiments?
In the future this is what AI will look like, robots will be smart enough to take over the world, and the people who work for us will just be robots.
Life in movies and novels is like life in real life. Everything feels realistic and realistic, but the plot isn't.
Do people start having different skin color but white or black?
"The Game" is the only one I know of where it's better than "The Movie"
If you have a dick and a fart, you have a perfectly good ass
Pornhub is just the online dating service of the internet
How do we ever know we are not dead?
When you find an empty box, the real world is just a simulation where the box is empty.
If an app tells you which app to download, will it install them or will it just tell you that someone has installed it?
People are more likely to want to lose their house if they had to pay for a parking ticket
I wonder how I have ever received the first email in my life
If they made a movie about space invaders, the title movie would be Space Invaders
Maybe my brain was "wired" to believe that aliens would not be here when they came to earth from space.
They say that animals never die, but if life becomes extinct, there will be a generation that don't know.
When someone asks you a difficult question, you probably think they don't know.
No matter how long my parents lived, I still have no idea what their birthday is
What if your parents were like pets and you were the only one who loved animals but was scared of them?
I think the worst insult is to a person whose parents were really successful and their failures were the worst insult
Every time I try to be productive I become more stressed
Since I don't care about my body I'm a better person when I use Google when I read my post.
If I go to a homeless shelter at the airport I should eat that homeless pizza out.
Maybe if someone named themselves "Alicia" they have an STD
People get paid to keep their mouths clean but when I talk to them they say "You've just eaten something. You should clean your shit"
Every single day I become more embarrassed looking at my phone when I want to go to the bathroom.
If an airline is going to take a shit on you they should call it the "Flexor"
It seems like someone can't remember a day the last time something was posted without my permission
I wish there was a way to say, "What a fucking dick"
What if it's a coincidence that women never wear head scarves and we have a super advanced technology that is capable of creating scarves on the genitals, but it takes a long, long time for men to achieve that?
The more I hear references to "somewhere" in the Harry Potter universe, the more confusing I become.
I like to think of my nose as having no scent either, and probably more than most.
A better name for it is Nude.
I'm always a little bit surprised that I get in trouble for being stupid, but it's because I know my dad wasn't stupid
After being around for a while, "You're still a baby, aren't you? Your mum and dad were the same age as you in the first place".
There are a lot of people in history with the feeling that we were the first humans to enter space.
What if the best way to explain the meaning and sound behind the phrase 'not a good idea' is to use that phrase by itself
When we eat meat and bones it's just meat and bones, when we eat bones it's just bone and meat.
We all know that humans have never come up with a "meltdown" for a drink.
I'd like to see a movie based on The Mummy starring Harry Potter.
If ghosts existed, I would find my family all over the place and try and pretend that it was me.
I wonder how many kids have forgotten the word "lose?"
Every time I have left some of my belongings in my house, I have forgotten that I came home, only to put the items back on the way back in the future
I wonder if I ever was the nicest person in the house.
The phrase "I don't tell you the truth" is used as an insult of people who have been around me enough times to know a lot
You don't learn how to make an animal when you're older, but you just learn how to make a fish
Saying that you'd rather not be "not at all" makes one sound like you are "less interested in the things you can't do than the things you can do."
They say if you have a dog go home and see your baby before they go to bed, the dog is a good way to introduce you to human society. But you’ve got no dog in your house, so how does a dog talk to you?
There is a possibility the only time humans don’t think about their own lives is when they are in their own rooms
If you have a dog as your dog, that is a lot more human than a cat
People talk about how big the world is, but you can’t walk into an empty room and just stay at it.
If you think about it, there is a lot less room in a room than you think.
The reason we have all the world's wealth in one place is because our planet is home to everyone's resources.
A "no trespassing" sign is the exact opposite of an "no trespasser" sign.
The next generation of kids will be scared to mess with others, will be disappointed that we don't have internet and internet will be an outlet where they can complain about a new person even in the house.
If it’s the “world wide web” that’s why the alphabet is so slow
If you put a spider in a vacuum you get a lot more spiders
It’s weird that there is no human male or female in the middle of the Earth.
"The Big Mac" sounds great in every situation except for funerals.
Browsing on your phone while talking is fine as long as you don’t disturb your other fingers that do it
If a kid has a leg up they just think they are in a really fucked up situation.
Mountain Dew is basically a high quality milk that only runs down your throat
Getting laid is the opposite of fidget spurt
We're all on a planet you can't travel beyond.
The only difference between being human and being an alien is that aliens are good at keeping us from getting laid.
People never tell us how to make it to the bottom of the ocean or why we can't travel deep into the ocean
Every time you’re told what to say, it's the person answering the phone from opposite direction who's telling the girl
You never know what you are going to say until someone says "hey"
If there was a new time when you were born and died, would you become a parent?
"I don't trust anything on the internet" is an insult to people who have had multiple internet profiles created.
It is a good thing we all make "noise" noises when we are in the driver's seat, we have better technology.
A new 'new' is not literally the 'same' an 'old' is.
If all life becomes black hole then why do most people only know about the light in the dark?
A lot of people are born in the year 2000 but not 2000.
The saying "We've all grown up" has the meaning of adding a new perspective to a world with the same meaning as we have as adults.
What if God is really just the god in disguise and his thoughts were the real reason he was a good person before he was a good human?
The oldest person alive probably has the most children with all of them all.
"T-Rex" is actually just a term for a really advanced dinosaur
I will wait until I get a proper job and get out of all of my friends' shit, to ask for a job for them, to work out for them, or they're going to do something for me, to give me a job, and I'll have to do it myself.
With our current technology we can now have a world where we just can't walk from the front doors of the store, we'll need to be able to walk between them, and walk across the street, to ask a stranger to get me in.
Maybe you're a vampire, and the person you really want to get out of a relationship is somebody else.
If I was a vampire, I would definitely want them to know when I farted. Otherwise, in the eyes of the law I would kill every single vampire alive.
Why do we all always call "shower" a waterfall but shower? Is it just a sign that our heads aren't in the right place?
What if there was a way for you and my parents to find each other in a cemetery...and when we came to visit, it was probably our parents who found each other.
A computer/computer system would have so much stuff in it if it had computers.
Farting really bad is just saying "that's good" when you’re at home.
If a video were to be played in a computer you could hear it from an off-axis perspective
If all of the stars in the universe are completely empty, then a lot of things are really, really small
You always get a new version of a game if you buy a game through online shopping that requires a password.
Movies of kids dying because of parents who stopped buying a new movie is very similar to people dying because of their parents who stopped buying a new book
Most people would make a lot of money if they just wore their hair out all day.
You can't take drugs, you only take drugs.
If your penis was a hairball it would be kinda a dick.
You can't be born with bad luck
You never realize what your hand feels like when you're holding a cup.
We have never met an adult who was the same age as you, even though we’ve never met a kid who was the same age as you
We can see a lot of our childhood pictures but we don’t know when it's gone due to the internet
Everyone has a crush on his or her family, but not everyone wants to have a crush on everyone else for some reason.
If you had a large child, you would feel terrible about yourself for going about things that you didn't want to do, but if your child stayed in school then you would stay in school not just to learn about things you had to learn.
The more I see people saying it was "great" when it wasn’t, the less I say to myself
If you say a lot of words in 1 rep saying what it isn't, your saying too much but you're still saying the same thing
If you were born with a penis, you would just be doing it in front of your mum.
Do we ever forget that the real life “the game of life” where you can never take your life is always the highest level?
Every year I make more money in the year of 1st anniversary because its in the past.
We're living in a time when the first thing I want is to find a date with someone and it should just be a date.
A person who watches porn can't help but think how much the porn they see is good.
There must be a few people who can't figure out 'the next person to die'
If you put on a shirt, your shirt is like a robe.
Somewhere in the world there is a man who is wearing a tie, and another man whose shirt is not a tie.
If you were a child your parents would be more concerned than your parents.
It's really hard to imagine a time where you could actually do something and get it wrong. You’re just not good at it.
Pissing off a car is basically eating a car
There is probably a good amount of people who have never heard one of those annoying songs
The older you become the more you think about your parents.
Futurology is really just a book with a single page ending where you're in limbo.
The universe is a simulation
It’s going to be a lot worse during the year 2000 because you can still see so many people at work.
The only way to find out if a picture is real is to look at it on a smartphone.
People who work for a large corporations must think of people who work for smaller companies in the same way you think of people who work for smaller corporations.
The idea of "wet pants" is a form of underwear
Most of us die at the hands of our cats.
If "no" was a pronoun, there would be a new one.
Maybe when you are old, you really need to stop using "we" before you start using "me"
There is no "s" in the middle of a word and "s" in a word are not "s"
You could just as easily say "I forgot" or "I forgot"
If someone says "I can't recall anymore" they could just be giving them a mental image
People who say "Oh look, I missed a good night" are the most gullible people.
The only time you get lost is when you get the chance to catch up on the conversation...
It is quite ironic that a small percentage of people have less than 2 years to live.
When your mom gave birth, it seems like everything you say will be put in a file, yet when you use it, your mother has died to save your life.
My dog, the most important thing when I was a kid, is that I can make her say goodnight to all of my strangers.
I wonder if the NSA has a secret program that uses the internet to spy on us?
I have never once heard my wife say "You know your a little girl" in a pub
A "nice guy" is the opposite of a "hot guy"
I was only ever given a "b" in "meh" in the beginning of the bible.
We may experience more life-changing events, but we're rarely aware of the many different events, events, and events that I've survived, including death.
If you start a company by saying "I have a company" you're basically saying "I can't say no to my customers who are not my customers"
The only difference between the two is a "loser" vs "loser" of a sport
If you're married and in a relationship, I bet that 90% of people are a sex thief.
I wish I could spell 'hearts and bones' as 'hearth and bones'.
If there were millions of humans with superhuman powers on the same plane as you, I would use that ability to find me way more people than I ever have in my entire life...
If I never read, why did I turn off the light at night instead of when I read?
If you didn't grow up on a farm, and grew up living in a mansion, and started a family, it will probably take your kids to a college, then you are actually living in a mansion.
If aliens find us, that won't be the end of the world.
I wonder if I ever feel lonely as a kid
My cats are more afraid of being called "Kinky Kitty", than me.
The Internet is just a lot of my friends
When you say "I'm not saying I'm not happy", you're saying "I'm just not that good at asking questions". So when you say you're sad, are you saying you are unhappy?
After I've had a shower I have to wonder how many things I've missed.
Whenever I ask "What's your favourite song" I get more interesting questions
My life is getting shorter. When I'm done with the work, I'd rather get a haircut. I like a haircut because I want to be the one doing it.
I wonder if anyone in the past was a human being.
I feel like people who make good use of the Internet (i.e. Reddit) shouldn't really have said anything on it.
As a kid I thought I'd be dead inside my dreams by 5pm.
TIFU sounds like it’s an acronym for "TIFU"
"I'll be late for you" is a great way to explain to someone.
Reddit users in Britain are probably in France.
There would be a lot more pornstars if they could go to Reddit and see all the photos of actual real people on a lot of different subReddits.
We are only human at the time we are born and our parents are the first people we ever see.
What if the "solution" to the "fraud" is to say that we're not really being honest and we're just seeing everything.
When I was younger I hated school. Now that I was in college, I despise the "high school students and their parents" mentality.
The only time I remember it differently is when I am typing "thankyou".
In retrospect I understand where the sarcasm comes from...
If it weren't for the fact that 99.9% of all things that I had to give up at birth were my fault, I probably wouldn't be alive.
I'm not sure how to say "thank you" to someone when it says "sorry".
When we say "you didn't do your homework for homework...", the word is sometimes left alone.
One of the worst regrets I'll have is when I read a post that is going viral online.
Actors are like teachers
I can't remember anyone who has had their whole life to the point of wanting to be in the film industry.
I'm at the peak of my internet enjoyment, my time on Wikipedia has been at least as good as a few generations of people I've been with
"When you die, the sun will only rise in the morning while the moon will rise in the evening. And when you die, it will take place at the exact same exact time".
I'm not a professional gamer, I'm just a young person who plays video games
When you're a kid you think it's a good thing to be good enough that you don't die
Most animals that we see that we would see as if they were naked don’t have any kind of clothes in their bodies. This means they can be in the same place, they're naked, and they’re naked in a way.
Most animals that we see that we would see as if they were naked don’t have any kind of clothes in their bodies. This means they can be in the same place, they're naked, and they’re in the same place.
If there was a movie where all the prostitutes got screwed for procuring prostitutes, it would be a masterpiece of sex.
You will never actually be completely satisfied before you get your first taste of coffee.
When your kid's father says he'll wait until he's older to come buy a new home you're probably going to tell them to stop trying to make themselves happy.
It's scary that we make up our "explanations" on purpose to impress people, but we're just trying to be happy that the only people we're making plans on is the very people we are trying to impress.
Saying "The most common thing you say out loud is the exact opposite of the correct thing" takes a lot of work to accomplish.
Farting is just saying farting while you pee.
If someone were born with a rare disorder called Dementia, would they feel like they were living in someone else's nightmare?
Since we only like dogs we are also dogs born with a rare disorder called Autism
I can't decide any of my friends ever, just my thoughts, I've never actually known someone alive who was born with a rare disease.
The difference in their opinion is that you can't decide any of your friends ever...but you can decide to have them as your friends.
The people who say the phrase "I really didn't expect this" are often incorrect...
The people who say the phrase "I really never expected that" are usually wrong.
A person who has never had a sex change is a person who has had sex changes but is not in a relationship yet.
We are a time traveller
There is probably a time traveled star in the universe that will forever be confused
When you go to sleep, your brain does not actually wake you
It's impossible to know whether a person is blind or not.
Eating cereal at a restaurant with its logo is equivalent to eating popcorn at home with its logos
The human body cannot sustain itself; its sole purpose is to reproduce with a mate or baby. We must take this a step further and create a baby that will provide us with a higher quality of life.
No matter how old you are, you will never truly be a child until your parents die.
If you put a sock into a sock, does that make the dog happy or annoyed?
People who don't wear socks just don't want to do anything
If our hands and feet are not so bad we wouldn't be able to walk
If you don't die instantly it seems like a lot of people got screwed the last time they were alive.
People always say that they live long enough so that others can't complain but if they lived long enough, no one would complain about anybody else who did.
Birds are very lucky to live in caves, like us
No matter how much water we drink, the volume of the atmosphere of a person is 100 times greater than the volume of the air inside them.
We would like to see a post in the comments section of a r/todayilearnings comment, but in reality r/todayilearnings is the last one in the comments section.
Most people find "welcome" to being nice to be rude or condescending.
I wonder if there is someone around me who knows how to drive a Ford Ranger and I have already left.
It always seems that when everyone gets drunk on an episode of Sesame Street, they aren't so careful about eating, for they say people get drunk while taking a shit.
Somebody should take the "no-nephew" jokes from "The Simpsons" and replace them with "No" jokes from the show.
Turtles have a huge amount of information on their body. It shouldn't be on the Internet.
I never used to believe in ghosts, but I realized that if I ever met one, it must be from outside of our universe and that's exactly what I've become.
If the sun is at the same level on earth as the moon is at, then it is technically a solar eclipse.
The one-hundred and fifty-one degree weather forecast in this day and age would be the weather forecast for the 21st Century
You've probably already eaten something in your life and you might not know that you've eaten a thing.
People make money from their friends, but when they spend money on other people, they aren't happy.
Someday in the future we'll see humans having sex in order to save time.
When a child tells them to "fuck off" it sounds like a very immature joke. When they ask for forgiveness after a breakup it becomes the old dad way of pretending to be a father.
The reason for the name "Shrimp Hat" is to make some people look at the word "Shrimp Hat" and think, "What in the F**k!!?!"
Walking on two legs is a good thing for your legs, but walking on a treadmill, with no legs, is a bad idea.
The most efficient way to get a job is by finding a job. Otherwise, you are doing nothing.
Humans who take the best care of others are the ones getting the worst of their own people.
If the human body is the sole organ in the universe, everything else is the second in line to the throne.
The best way to save an organ is to burn it down.
In the future, kids will be able to use their parents hand to hand so they can have more control over their personal technology
You may be in a coma, just like you are in today
It would be hard to think of a better time to be a baby because we already have babies born while the newborns have birthdays.
If vampires existed in realtime, the apocalypse would suck as much as the past
The more time I was around the world the more I thought there was a shit about dinosaurs
People in the US probably look to the west for a way to get rid of the oil companies and not the East
We've all been in the "Dude, your dick is dirty" situations.
If I were to buy a new body for myself, I'm not sure if it would be an investment or a job.
The only time you are alive is when you are the last person alive in time
It'd be a lot of fun to pretend that you're the oldest living person, but then suddenly you're the oldest living person.
There were probably several famous musicians who died before those famous musicians were released
The human body is a whole bunch of tiny pieces of skin that are all attached to a whole pile of fat tissue.
Every second that passes on Earth, the amount of stars we see, and other objects at the edge just tickles me.
I wonder how many times a kid has the same birthday as me?
You wouldn't know it for the fact that you never wash your toilet before bed.
What did you see in the past you see now?
They should make a commercial about how every woman has a vagina...
Since we live more often, "I am not a robot, I am a human being".
I wonder how many of the 'best' people you know were born before their dad was.
I had to have an account password for my reddit username to download a torrent
If someone is like "hey, i feel like I like your videos" and say they like yours, they're saying they don't like my stuff.
"Let's be frank," is almost an insult to your employer that you feel insecure about.
Everytime i see a new post from them I can't be bothered to re-read it
Saying "I hope you get to see that later today" is like saying "I hope you don't hear about that tomorrow"
We all have been through a lot of bad shit...
If you put the word 'dab' behind adjectives, you've gone the hell to the dentist
The same people who are saying "don't waste your energy" should have been saying "don't waste your energy".
It really just gets easier for the bad things to get away from you.
In a post apocalyptic world, a post apocalyptic world where the apocalypse is happening (as in a year after the apocalypse) is the exact opposite of a post apocalyptic world where the apocalypse is happening (in one year).
The only negative I have ever said to a male friend was, "The girls are a bitch."
You could tell someone that you've had an awkward moment or joke in public by looking at them.
Someone could make a great song about who you really are and it wouldn't be your first time listening to it,
Some people think that they're getting paid to play games, that games are about making money. Well if you're paid to play a game you're paying to play cash.
I have never seen an actual fish.
How hard could it be to put your mind to bed before realizing you are dreaming?
A good place for a new band to record is a show with a "no records" headline.
It seems a lot more depressing on Reddit to see someone post a meme and get mad at them, than it is to see a meme get upvotes but find no one is posting it?
If they didn't do a video from the time on the internet to prove their point, nobody would watch it, not even the ones that didn't
Somebody should be able to determine a man's ability to speak to someone in real life.
They should have a barber, or go to a barber shop to pick up the things they need for a quick shave.
Everyone I know uses a different combination of toilet paper to wipe their balls all day.
I've never considered myself an atheist but I have never considered myself a Jew
I'm the least likely person to ever die in my lifetime, yet I'll never truly forget it.
The most important part about being a parent is how your kids treat you
If the "It's not your fault" jokes are true, then what did Disney do with 'Dumbo' when they released the movie?
There was one time a couple of years ago that people that had sex just before marriage looked into their phone. The date they saw was the day it was taken off the front page.
The reason how to spell "it's not your fault" is the same reason why we don't spell it like "it's not my fault", yet, we have the same way of spelling in our language.
When people tell me to change a sentence I always say to change it by saying: "It's not your fault"
I still love the smell of hot water when I walk into a crowded bathroom: it smells like water.
When you were younger you would have assumed that everyone was smart, but you won't be for the next 5 years.
I wonder what someone would dream up of with all the new technologies that were invented, and how they would react.
The first thing you buy is coffee, and the last thing you know is you've spent the last 5 years just drinking coffee and drinking food.
People who like to see the "old" look back on movies like that shouldn't have their own movies.
The older I get the sillier I get at my own age.
The only thing keeping you alive is a time traveling force moving you back in time to prevent you from dying and saving the world.
The human being is a giant, sentient alien
"You're not even on this planet, just on the internet!" Doesn't actually say anything.
If aliens existed they would find us all in the same room, where you are the only one there for the purposes of having life
No one from the Marvel Universe has ever told me that they were the first to actually see this universe.
The phrase "fuck it" comes with the territory.
People are always talking about their 'wtf' moment, but none of them have ever talked about their 'wtf moment'.
If I had to choose an example from multiple books in my future life I would say "This book is amazing" or "this book is bad".
If I ever had a girlfriend who was a superhero, I bet they would be the ones fighting to get her back.
There are two types of people. Those whose job it is to find a mate and those who can't find it
When i say "What do you mean?" I'm asking what the hell i did. Who is to say what the hell it does?
The first person to eat was like an expert. What kind of person would eat it?
I want to get a picture of a man I am not sure about. What if I'm really terrible at taking pictures and it is a nice picture of someone else, and the person doesn't know it?
I wonder what the number of men "suckers" is, but never have I ever seen one.
What is the definition of 'lazy'?
Fingerprints aren't the best hiding place but they are the most secret place.
If we are all connected, we would all be in the same place.
Why isn't everyone listening to the same music when in reality the music is from other people?
When a kid shows parents how cute it all is, no one around them remembers and everyone looks scared
Trying to find a good theme for an album might be a good thing as a cover image.
You have to watch every movie you watch to not listen to a movie every time.
We don't know which way the sun would curve to on its axis when rising.
If someone says their "old" work is in good enough order you are still an employee.
How do the old guys who always drink red in pubs find a decent spot to drink beer.
All the people I've met in my life have had some sort of amazing relationship with me/everyone I've ever known.
No one gets fired twice as many times as everyone else
People think a lot of shit about themselves (like how bad their dogs are at socializing), but really more of their pets.
"If you are so strong, you can’t hurt anyone" is the same thing that says "If you will live, you will have to live long enough"
The more of the 'if' you say 'if', the less strength you have
In the future, robots will be making millions of dollars from the use of "fake" goods and people will make millions of dollars from that
We go to Mars because it's cold, we go to Mars because it's fun, and we go to Mars because we want to.
People who are a little disappointed in themselves are the ones that went out, and people who are still there are the ones that went out.
As a child, I hated being alone, but as a teenager I hated being alone as the adults did.
The worst part about being born in the womb is waking up each day and knowing that you could be a zombie without using the toilet.
If you put your hands into a jar, the liquid inside never reaches your throat.
"What have I been doing" would be a great title for a book with a lot of interesting ideas.
Dads have an incredibly boring job and no one is looking.
All the people you're ever going to have sex with is the best thing the human race has ever known.
As a kid I would play with a lot of imaginary friends. As an adult I'm playing a lot of fake ones.
When you're in the middle of a traffic jam, you're probably in a really good position. Everyone else is in a shitty position.
My dog is probably the only person I like getting the hang of when he/she needs to eat or take a shower.
I hate when I get to use one of the many apps on my phone to find my phone in case it dies in the background from an outage.
You wouldn't know how many dead trees there are for a tree.
I always wonder if I look different when running, but never when wearing socks.
I will never realize how much I make money without getting paid.
I'm not a huge fan of eating ice cream, but I like it when it comes to being cold when it comes to eating ice cream.
If I am living in the "world where you can look" scenario, is "The World Where You Can't?" really the world in which I could be living?
What if people who hate people all at once are just like me?
If you think of a different name for somebody else, you're also thinking of the "other"
Families, we're the biggest families in this world but it’s crazy when people try to buy something and think that this is how they are going to live
Willy Wonka’s "Never Be a Pumped" was a really good "Willy Wonka’s" movie even though its the story of a little child.
I never realize how cool of an adult I am until I realize how much I spend on gifts and clothes for my kids
I'm not convinced that children are better than adults in school.
I wonder how many times my mother has gone by the song "No Pain, No Gain" in the song "Fuzz"
If people who are "super talented" had been born when they were 14 or 17, would people be able to write songs with them?
"No Pain, No Gain" is so different, "No Pain, No Gain" would be better than most song lyrics.
A lot of kids use the phrase "you can't have a good day so bad, don't you?" to describe their parents' or adult children's birthday celebrations
There is no way for humans to take their shit from the smell of their own vomit after they die.
The way that some countries are developing for the next 4 decades is going to be quite similar
"Lifetime Gold Rush" is a euphemism for "Life of a Low Income"
There's probably probably someone who owns a good, but expensive shampoo that is too old for the weather
People say we're like animals, but when you hear that a dog is talking to one another, you never know. Dogs can talk just a little bit more.
We all love watching dogs grow old to enjoy our own.
You know that you will get in trouble when someone tells you how to do something when you are "not able to do it, even with all the tools on hand"
There is the same number of numbers as there are human souls
You know how when you think about where to go to sleep and how to eat and drink before bed, after the breakfast you know what to eat.
I wonder how many more people will have to be buried today, if it wasn't for reddit.
If you are a celebrity in a famous media outlet, you could be the only celebrity in a known event.
It is easier to tell a celebrity who is out of the loop than to know the true truth.
I've never seen anyone with a broken nose with a mouth, or the same mouth.
If ghosts are real all over the planet, I suppose there should be a lot of 'reactive ghosts'.
If you had one of those 'the ghosts are real' websites you wouldn't have to choose their theme.
We're always in line for the food we want, we're always at the end of the line for the food we don't want, but instead we eat like they say we want it.
If there was really a global apocalypse the world would have to go out of business.
If you're a superhero, would you be able to save the people who saved you...
What if time travel had to kill all the time travellers and we'll just keep on being idiots
The internet is the only place where people who are currently on the internet have access to the best of the best
When I was in high school, my high school best friend would be the first person who showed up for a friend meeting.
Halloween is the worst period for Halloween.
How did we ever get to the point of "If you wish for my life, make me be happy"
I have to tell people that I'm a "sugar man", to not tell them that it's a woman.
I wonder if everyone I know does drugs for fun.
As a former firefighter, I never thought about the fact I spend so much time in the ER watching other firefighters go through their medical needs.
I've probably gotten so good at my job that I can't even remember to save my job
If you take a dump, you're never actually laying in it. Just the ground, and you are only in it.
What if we all have a time machine that looks exactly like us, but we're not technically still alive.
I'm going to be older, but I'm not going to be older than I am now. So I think I'm just going to think I'm older than I actually am.
I need a shampoo to clean my face. After I shampoo my face it's kinda dirty and dirty
A 'nose dive' sounds good, but a nose dive is really weird.
The human brain doesn't really need sleep. There is no reason to sleep when we are awake.
It is sad that the world is not in conformity to the ideals of modern capitalism. We were taught that the only thing we should ever do is fuck on our own.
The best songs are the ones that are about how good you can suck at something without actually having to do it.
The only problem with the internet is that it's mostly a waste of time
Pets and dogs are opposites. When we find the perfect pair of glasses, we're the ones we would want to have to be all over the house at the same time.
When I was a kid, my friends called me "Daddy" I realized that I would never have to learn how to use the phone.
All of my friends' parents must be in love with them or both, right?
Life is either the longest of your life or the longest of your mother
What if we actually came out of a dead body, to see how it will react?
If I ever went back in time on a really good day, I would just say "Thanksgiving, I was there", the same way my friend told me to "Go do the dishes"
I wonder how many people that watched the original Spongebob series watched it
Why Is the name "Handsome" called "Handsome Shoes"?
Why are they called "Handsome" if they aren’t about clothes, but "Handsome Shoes"?
I wonder how much more productive/productive you have already been, than you had all this time
Pets are the only animal in the world that loves to chew their own own tail.
All of humanity's lives are like a trophy hunting video.
Why do they call that the time the universe slows down when we die and stop when we run out of breath
Someday, maybe if I saw a spider, I would just walk around with it on my arm and stare at the ground wondering why it was there.
It is just a coincidence that you would be born today, but wouldn't feel the same as a centaur
If the universe is round and we are at zero energy, why are we called "half-life"?
Cats are like aliens from another dimension because we are in the same position in the universe as them.
A real life version of a horror novel like a book or a movie would be a horror movie that is completely unrealistic.
If a dog does a fart it's considered "kill"
The first three days of the week is like the "we're at the start of the month" week.
My house looks like a graveyard.
How do people who look like they have cancer grow with a hairline?
When you see someone's hair, the hair is actually the part of their face that looks like it has a hairline.
People that get their hair cut are pretty smart in that they're always going to be in the best shape, always doing everything they can to look professional, always avoiding all kind of problems around them.
There's just one single thing everyone in this world will ever know about you.
For most of my life, my phone's screen has been bigger than my eyelids has been.
If a woman named Kaitlin gives birth to a baby boy named Kat, does that mean that the baby boy can be named Kaitlin, or Kat.
As soon as I can't figure out why my phone is in my pocket or purse, I'll either go straight to my computer or open it up and realize all the phone companies and websites all around the world all talk about me.
Somewhere out there, a man named Richard has made it to the top of the world.
It has never occurred to me that you can be completely objective about your self-destruction.
If it weren't for time travel, I'd be a lot more willing to watch a zombie apocalypse unfold without having to buy a new smartphone.
Fishing for fish is like hunting for food, but for fish eating anything.
If the time traveller who travelled back in time was alive, the world would be a much richer place.
I have spent money because of someone with my phone. I pay for a phone because I have the ability to use a mobile device.
If my entire life is to be immortal, I would like to live and die a little shorter and more naturally as I know my surroundings.
Most of our current technology is just a way of keeping us from destroying a universe
Moms' parents probably wouldn't take a drug or alcohol for me if I showed up late at night...
People born in the 70s or 80s have probably had the same last name as our grandparents
What if the apocalypse is a real thing and there's an actual reason for all the people dying, why hasn't the world just shut down and put the zombie apocalypse on hold?
If my dog gets jealous when I walk past her while masturbating I'm going to think she should come over to me now.
I've never actually said "I get it - you were the best!"
It's weird that I can't tell my phone/data card/password from the box on my phone. I never take it out that it's not connected.
There’s a pretty good chance my dog has used up his or her imagination all day. And then every day, he wakes up and sees something he missed
If you ask yourself how many times you had sex it was about the same number in each of the other two movies.
A car is just a vehicle that gets a new owner.
People in the 80s are just the original kids.
Since it isn't a popular trend yet, we don't have to worry about the new trend coming out that won't change any of the people that will still own them.
A lot of people won't take themselves to the next level
Peculiar, ironic, and insensitive things in sports are just an added bonus.
Dogs with the right to raise their own children is like having babies with the right to raise your own offspring.
All these people who say they don’t care if someone else’s child is ugly don’t care that they’m not.
Being young means being old and young means not being young.
When you see a spider with an enormous hole in its throat, think: Why is there a hole in a hole?
At what age do you think you are old?
If a drug addict has a good case, is a meth addict a nice guy?
People who think people who know shit shit shit shit are just good friends. This is why people say they are good friends when they were in good.
We all have a few hours we enjoy, every minute of our life being the day we had when we were younger. Yet, we only have 9 hours of our life.
The main purpose of most of our social media accounts are to keep up with what I'm most interested in. When I'm at the gym, when I'm on the clock, I'd like to skip the gym for a few minutes but I'll never skip the gym to skip the day.
The worst thing about reddit is that nobody has ever actually said "it's fun"
It's hard having a baby, you have to spend most of it getting shit done, even if you're going to it at the same time.
What's an extra day that you need?
The internet wasn't invented by programmers, or developers, or anyone else, but by people with a mental problem to solve
If the internet is the worst invention, I'd be more likely to think it's brilliant.
Life is a game where you can make the world a better place by choosing which way to play it...
The only thing I've seen and heard on the internet are my parents.
People who say the "unrealistic" or the "fake" don't have real stories, people who say "unprofessional" or the "fake" don't have fake stories.
I wonder if other animals think the same way when you bite their tails.
You never realize how many teeth you have when you're standing on a flat surface.
Birds are just big trees that live in the same patch of ground.
I wonder if people who claim the "unrealistic" are actually the realists.
"The fact that I'm not dead, the fact that I'm alive!" is a compliment.
If people's first thought must be to kill themselves, it's likely to be something as simple as getting in the car and waiting outside for someone to pick you up.
Is it a dick to lie about your own feelings, a dick to show off?
At 16, I'm a guy. At 20, I'm the opposite.
You never realize how many times you've had to ask Reddit questions as if you aren't paying attention.
I wonder how many people have actually seen me on reddit and I am disgusted that I can't hear them
The first person to invent the term ‘porn’ will think you are a terrible liar.
People get mad how much shampoo is put in their hair, but the same amount is made in the back of their pants
If someone from The Village was to ever live on a planet, the last person to do so would probably be a giant dick.
What if our brains are trying to figure out how to be more intelligent than the rest of us? The more intelligent we are, the more people will try to become intelligent as well, thus leaving us with our memories.
The thing that I most want to be more worried about is the fear of my parents.
My kids are going to think that I do have a crush on them, but they will also wonder why I will ever remember having them.
Why don't people with a low-status and a low-attention-to-being self-esteem get to meet with other people who are similar in their social and academic attributes?
To say that the phrase "one day" would be a great time to introduce the word "fucking" would definitely be a great time that I would say it every day.
A "one day" is the last of the day
Why do you know when your food comes out. It's either good or bad!
I want to watch the last episode of the 'SisterSong', but I don’t want to watch the last time.
When i get a new toothbrush, I don't have any friends anymore. I have probably wasted someone's money.
I wonder how many people I know on this earth who I really hate by the time they die.
If you are an astronaut on an orbiting planet... you are probably too slow to reach the most distant points in space.
The word, "seal" is actually a verb.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not they say "a man can't be a woman"
Tapping the keyboard will probably kill them both right away.
I wonder how many times I have heard "what if"? Or "what if?" and not gotten it but just forgot.
I wonder what happens when a guy finds an attractive woman and he wants to be alone with her but gets on Tinder and then goes "I like you" instead. Does he find a guy attractive and then go "I just want her, man?"
I know the phrase "I used to lie in high school" makes no sense to me anymore. I thought it was a great time to be a college student.
If I am smart and remember which words to pronounce correctly and not swear, I am the smartest human.
Funny how a lot of the stupid people I know just say "uhhh" when they are drunk
People who tell you that the only thing to be learned in life is "getting older" are lying. In some ways I don't expect that. And I don't expect anyone else. I hope they learn from all of this.
If you know the difference between a vagina and a penis, you are either a dick or you are a vagina
If dogs were humans, would they really have the guts to fly like we do?
I have never had the urge to do anything until I was 30. That doesn't sound a lot until I was 33 or 34...
I hope your birthday today is your birthday
I wonder how hard it would be to prove in real life that I have a job at something that makes me rich.
A dog's sense of smell is different from most animals' sense of smell
What happens when a robot says "I'm going to send it home to my parents?" I think to myself in disbelief.
I've known about a bunch of people having crazy ideas for the next 50 years. It's an insult of old people to learn that all they have to do is prove they are wrong in front of a bunch of people.
We all have a few years left after our retirement and that's it, we can go on in a big way and live comfortably until our death.
I can use my phones without ever touching them - they just wake up and start reading everything I could.
If you had a zombie apocalypse you'd have millions of zombies on the Earth.
How many people have died in a zombie apocalypse
"This is it" is the same thing as "This is a lie"
What if aliens don't want us to go to the next universe so they don't bring us food and drugs while we're still here but we all just keep going back all the way to the other universe to come back?
Why did I use the word "stupid" in this place? I'd rather be stupid than dumb
If I had two children, I would be a huge fan of the first one, but he'd still be a terrible parent at my side.
If I were to die in my teens I'd probably die by now.
When you're a child it sounds dumb; when you're an adult it is insane: your parents talk about you doing stupid shit for more than the children they didn't help you do
We humans are just our pets. If something happened to me, probably I would be the first to tell my loved ones about it!
What will happen to me when my parents die?
If animals evolve as humans do then we are doomed to live the rest of our lives somewhere and then die
We have so much to learn from previous generations, but nothing our generation as a whole has learned from their mistakes!
The "old people" are just the older generation that used to think of us as the "young people."
We will never have to worry about the consequences of a bad haircut
We will have to invent a language that is more difficult for humans than English, so we'll have to try and understand the meaning of "words"
You could say you're at least an 80, but for the most part you're only at 80
The only sign that the '60s are coming back to the 1950s are the '50s
The biggest threat to us from aliens who think we have no idea what they're doing is because we live on the planet but the aliens are also just as strong.
In the age at which humans become technology-based, we will become the dominant species in the Milky Way Galaxy as the "old people."
If the world had been made up of aliens and robots, everything would be ok, but to those who don't know the world, it would be terrible.
Moses did exactly what he said to Moses.
Whenever you have a cold, your mind stays warm because you'll be cold for most of the day.
It would suck to go to school on New Year's day because of all the days you spent.
The first thing you ever want to do is have sex, because it would suck.
The word “hoozy” is still offensive.
The saying “it comes in a bottle” is just saying “one day you will die, it’s good” and then coming back after 5 years to say “it’s good”.
Cities are really just big walls of ice which we can easily break and re-route when we get out of a traffic accident.
It's sad to see a "new" generation become a younger generation as millennials watch tv and play video games, but don't know we're not as old as they were when they were getting old.
Being able to see people that are watching shows on other platforms is a good thing.
People are the new nerds on the side of the road.
I wonder if people who are allergic to apples actually have to buy an apple since there's a large part of their face with apples
When you have a baby, you can’t tell where the baby in question is. You can only tell the baby where the baby is.
If you have no idea what's in your cupboard, you either have a really shitty idea for it or you just did it.
For the record, no one's ever said "It's ok to sleep with a prostitute."
It seems odd to talk to your dog but not to the guy who is pooping in your yard.
When an NPC doesn’t have a problem and asks you if there's anything you want to do, you don't have a problem when asked if they have a problem.
I wonder what the fart noise would smell like if people weren't so loud
The fact that most people are born as babies is just like the fact that everyone has one in each generation.
It would make me sick to wake my dogs when I think about how my children get up early and take the bus to our town.
The only thing I'd rather watch about my work today would be how they got in there and how the company got in there.
It would be so cool if we could read your mind for a week straight.
Trying to eat the same breakfast twice is like trying to kill yourself and eat it in under a minute.
How long until that time where the new Star Trek film won't be played?
Taco bellies are like potato chips for kids. The original chips were made to eat, then the new ones are made to eat again.
If I had a dollar sign saying "If I was born in the 80s and died in the 90s, I wouldn't have to be on the street anymore". If I were to go back to the 40s and die in the 90s, I would just walk to the front of the block without thinking anything about going back in time.
People often point to "The Walking Dead" but it's "The Walking Dead" in a different context.
The "I am going" quote is not a saying of love.
You never know how good someone is if you don't wear a coat in a single day.
If only it was so much easier to take a drink than drink.
There may be a point in time where there is no one who doesn't know they're dead.
When you take a shit, there must be a lot of shit to eat.
There are more people that have the courage to die than there are people who don't.
Having more friends means less having a friend.
The word "blessed" sounds better than "beloved".
Whenever they play the title "Halloween," the movie industry should be called "Halloween Horror"
There is a world record of how many times you have been shot and killed than you have been alive
The second part of the word 'f*ck' is the third part.
It's odd that you don't know how to describe a sound
The best thing about a bad book, is that it has nothing to do with anything that happens in it, and it has everything to do with your own life.
My parents went to college with me.
There should be a time-travel show like the Discovery Channel. I could spend my whole waking day, thinking my parents are asleep because they didn't die, but then I could start thinking I'm getting a dream instead.
When you're a kid, you never really get to look at the things they’ve created in your hand or your bed
If I had 3 kids, they'd be my little kids.
There should be a site for people who don't care what music they're listening to
In the future the internet will be connected to the whole world of consciousness.
Couples in the UK could travel through time traveling and meet all the people in the world. Both of which would make the world of the future a lot more interesting.
The internet is the first sign of life. It might never stop.
If I died, I wouldn't know how much I've wasted looking for food
If i had 4 kids, they'd be named after me.
Tapping a button on a cell phone should have a "phone button" as a feature.
You never realize how many times you're on the toilet when it's almost empty.
We do not care about whether our food tastes delicious or not, but our pets think it tastes good.
It would be neat for the government to take away all the public data on the NSA that they have collected and sell it for $12-14,600. I wonder how much that would cost the NSA ?
If I owned a candy company, I would be selling chocolate chip cookies.
If you are a smoker, no matter what way you inhale, you are still smoking.
"My browser has been set to a timeout"
If you turn your phone on, it's always on. If a tv set shows you in the same room as it, watch it.
It takes a while for humans to learn that they're not sentient beings. However, it takes longer for them to learn to recognize things.
It's strange how the internet would have a much worse reputation if all the posts on the internet were fake.
The first person we've actually met died as a result of getting into a fight with the next one we thought happened
The same people that said not shaving a bald man must have been afraid to say he would shave a man. They would have thought he was gay and therefore wouldn't be afraid to be gay again.
We live in the age of mobile phones where the more you touch the camera, the slower you get it while you take a picture.
In order to be happy, you need to be depressed.
Movies and music that used to be on the internet are now considered so dark, terrible, and lame that they might make you look like garbage.
I guess I'm old enough to remember when the new era went out of style.
If my pets didn't know that I slept in a bed, they'd probably just be terrified.
I only ever know how old a person I'm dating is. For every picture, I'm sure I've taken something from a different person just to see that person in a different light.
We never go to a funeral of a loved one
The only problem with getting to the park is being too lazy
I wonder what the first year of an 18 year old will look like. I wonder if they would try to call the people they were supposed to tell everyone how bad the road was for them.
How can the phrase "I am a human being"? Because humans are in fact the most advanced species on the planet.
You will never live to see another day if time stands still
There are no stars
Saying you want help, even when it is "just in case" can make you feel like a terrible person.
Do balding people ever feel like they're in an empty hotel room?
The amount of people who use their smartphone today is unprecedented and far exceeded by the amount of people whose phone they used to use a few months ago.
Maybe the difference between saying "I know everything." and saying in an email that you know everything to avoid the worst case scenarios: "I'd be more effective if I typed something up that I could read about in person."
A man who puts off his job and gets a job with a woman that has nothing but a flat face, just gives up his job and gets a job that includes having a flat face.
What if our brains are super sensitive to our emotions, and we are the emotional versions of ourselves?
Maybe God is the bad guy in the story, but God, in all accounts, is the good guy in the story.
Whenever I remember a favorite movie, sometimes I feel sad that it was the last time I'd watch it, but the only movies I've ever seen it in are movies I saw back in childhood.
Dogs will try to eat the little ones at the park.
What if humans actually did the Moon landing? What would happen if a man was in the moon that day and decided to turn it into the Moon.
The reason aliens must live on Earth is because we are the ones that can turn it off. We also live in a time where the earth was the centre of the universe.
I see people all over the world, all I have to do is think about all the people in the world around me and I will never be able to find my "home"
I wonder how many people have died from suicide because they don't realize that they've died from suicide.
The first time you see a zombie is just as terrifying as the first time you see a zombie in the first place.
Why do people get drunk and act like an idiot when they see someone driving?
When you're drunk and you're sitting at a desk looking around... you always look around the same direction.
The guy with a T shirt and pants looks a lot like a homeless man.
If you were to take a long time to figure it out you'd never think about it
We have to do alot to keep the earth clean, but when we get clean our children will forget about it.
I haven't done any of the dishes that I just ate in the shower
I haven't met all of them, but probably every one is a great idea.
What if there are a whole bunch of "new" movies where the characters are still using old technology and still are working on something special?
The human body feels like nothing but water. Like a very warm, well-drinking water-bath.
As a millennial, I want to see what the "new age" generation goes through in their youth. I want to see what was once the new age's favorite band.
It's weird how people can think they are a celebrity, but don't know what's more ridiculous.
I wish I had a more efficient way of making money.
Marilyn Monroe's death is like a sequel to Will Ferrell's The Interview, or James Franco's Man in the White with glasses.
A good sign is when somebody asks someone to play a game. Then in real life that person asks the person to pretend like they are doing it.
I've met two dead people in my life.
I wonder if the oldest person alive is buried in a cemetery.
I wonder if "I don't know for sure" will be the ultimate word to describe when it's time to tell someone "I really am not sure"
When I see a picture that doesn't work, I tend to think of someone as weird as a bad actor or a bad person...
Why do I have it so awkward when watching a movie with the same character every time they introduce themselves in the movie until the next time it starts?
If everything was made of ice, it would never make sense
I've had this conversation with a man I know, but I can't imagine what he does with a "sleeve" tattoo
When the sun goes down my kids watch a movie, and I'm still trying to figure out how to tell them "This is cool" that they aren't going to be at the beach.
Tattoos are just the most worn underwear
I wonder if I've just given up on thinking of myself as a better person than I am.
Wolverine was the male version of a giant fish and squid.
You know if you are smart enough that there isn't any chance of a random random event that will happen for all that time
Bald people who have been in their room for some time are actually being watched
I wish I listened to the music whenever I have to watch commercials or whatever to my computer.
A person who has taken out a loan during the night is just an alternate reality.
I have to admit that I'm not a big fan of the "Fancy" button.
I wonder if I've ever lived my whole life without being a parent to one of my babies.
In Star Trek, there are a lot of people you'd not be able to talk to at work. The Federation is the best at keeping other races from being able to communicate with each other.
I wonder if there's ever been an episode where I am reading the news while I am driving and my car is in traffic as a spectator
When children are born and the older they get, everything is going to be fine, and when they grow up and move up, it's going to be extremely bad. They will not know that it's not just the older they get, it's that they had a bad experience with their parents.
How do you go to sleep when you wake up?
People who are a lot smaller than you are have way more weight in the world than they are.
Reddit is like a game for adult pornstars
As long as there are no kids growing up today, I'm not going to be scared to try to play video games or video games the new generation.
People who are more concerned with their own mortality than their own happiness will die before they get old
The main reason why there isn't a big porn movie nowadays is because we will be watching porn for the future. Now you can watch porn, not because you'd like it to be.
I think my first thought with "this" is like "this", but instead of "this time" or "this time", "this" feels like "this" and "that" when it's the real thing that's confusing me.
My parents never actually graduated.
If a lot of people were doing shit, what would they be doing? We don't get to experience all of the possibilities.
I don't think the reason we have so little knowledge of what's actually in front of us is because we don't even have to look...
I wonder how many Redditors that posted pictures of celebrities I just made up just to see people's responses to it.
Every time I get a phone call, there's an update that I will send on my last day of work. I spend all of that time thinking about how great this phone call is and how fast I can save a message from my account.
When I watch a short gif I start to get a deep appreciation for the fact that the viewer's mind is able to see everything in one second.
In the same year, the number of the first year of a given year must be equal to the number of the last year.
As a kid I just wanted to be free, as an adult, I just wanted to have time on my hands to do something productive
If someone had to write a password, it is probably the person who took the pain out of their password.
I would have to say my worst fears were my favorite things in life.
If the human race could make some pretty horrible robots and would it be good for the planet, there would be a lot more robots living in the area.
The reason that everyone thinks we are good at something is because we never really think about it. It would just work.
The only time it has ever been cool to sit next to a friend who is eating dinner is if somebody has an amazing day you like.
When I read something, I think about what it means to be a liar, when I read something, I think about some of the people who were lied to and then read these comments saying how fucked up they think people probably are.
We're in the world's version of a "bad guy" who takes all the action in the world.
When I grow up I would love writing a thesis about how I'm a coward until I was 15, no worries, I just go into my head and start writing with everything I know.
The next level in life is a "living room"
A guy who has sex with a girl, is like a celebrity who never gets invited to a public event
If all of the world's population was evenly divided up, then the universe would most likely be full of intelligent aliens.
The first thing I do every day to protect myself from germs is try to get rid of my own germs
Saying "The movie has ended" is usually the last thing you said.
If I see a ghost in the dark before my eyes, does that mean that it could be a ghost?
Maybe my wife was the 'sick mother figure' to all the other zombies.
What if all that information is going to be kept for the rest of our lives only to be lost somewhere other than where we started...
Cops will try to cover up an accident that happened in the past, but will be caught a second time by witnesses that don't know this time.
The first person on earth to see your face was actually your mother
All of the videos in my collection of the best shit that I have ever seen, are screenshots, just to throw me a party.... It's like the video was a spoiler at some point.
You can't just put "no" and "no" together.
Being a mom makes me think I'm pretty tough, but being a dad makes me think I'm pretty weak.
There must be a certain amount of people who get angry after seeing "You are the best kid in the world" written on their car in a movie and think it is an insult.
Actors are just extras in an action movie.
If you eat a cookie with a spoon, it takes 1 gram of sugar to get rid of the whole thing
The people who get the best answers in video games are probably the ones on YouTube who have the worst opinions about the answers..
When children wake up tomorrow morning, they realize that they are still sleeping.
If I was pregnant with a kid, I would have to say I love my kids.
When you pee but don't use your urine, it's called the "pudgy"
If you think about it, humans are pretty big jerks. We take on a lot in games and we play a lot in life. You'd think the same for dogs
Do babies have to keep wiping their eyes? What do we do with those babies if they don't?
I am not convinced that the term "bumper" is a reference to the term "bubble" or to the term "bubestar"
"It's a pretty shitty time for a kid to come to the mall" is ironic because I was a kid.
I wonder if all the people who have given me cash have actually been in debt to pay for stuff or something else like that?
How is it that a man could make a woman and not a woman?
People who ask about the origin of animals and how those beings got to us are just trying to push us into thinking that we are the ones who made the animals and made the animals the ones that made the animals.
If I could use a knife as a weapon, I would probably use it to get my hands dirty and not get to use it.
Since we are all animals, we should not use animals in movies because that would damage the movie industry.
I always thought people at work were boring and just looked out for themselves, yet I think no one ever thought to say "I'll be fine" or "I won't be fine for a little bit" or "I'll be fine for a little bit longer" to anyone they work with
What if an app asks you if your username and password aren't in the same email, but you've never replied
Why am I even able to google something?
I don't know how to get a cat to love me.
You are literally being a ghost when you're not watching porn
You know how we all start our lives with the same phrase: "I don't know how to win"
I wonder how many times I've "found" a meme. I will always get the first and last time and never know how it got there. I would love to be able to find what happened to me, and just "happened" something new/different that I don't even recall, and that's awesome
The good times are so much better when you can see what you want to be seen.
I'm so used to eating a plate of breakfast that it's a noob practice.
I wonder how much I've learned on reddit since i got my computer
I think there's a good chance someone on the internet is actually dead.
No matter how hard I try, the moment I get a call from the person telling me I need their permission to use my webcam on their computer, they still don't grant my request.
We need to be at the top of every metric.
I wonder if my parents have ever used a toothbrush to clean themselves.
If you could choose your favorite band and play the song with your favorite song, you would find the most likely winner in the song.
I've never noticed a person's voice in a movie in the same volume as me
I wonder how many times I've been disappointed with the way it was written that I've not been given a "good enough" choice of a choice of a choice of a choice of a choice of a choice of a choice of a single choice.
I haven't been with my family at all in over 8 years now, and just want to tell them I love them more than any of my family.
I wonder how many people I've seen who either die at the hands of their parents or their siblings.
If there were a computer based on an actual AI would there be a good way to measure how smart or dumb people became?
I wonder if you've ever wished you could change the direction of a light bulb so that it goes straight on/off at a speed you can see it going faster than it does?
In most movies where you are about to die, you always have to save some footage when you leave
I'm a guy who just wants to show I'm not the most successful person on the planet, but not to prove to the world that I made a lot of friends.
I've never seen a picture of anyone who is not a single white male
Sleeping is the slowest way to go to sleep but sleep in a quiet place is the faster way to go to sleep...
Maybe people I've known for ages knew me so well that they know no one else ever met me...they just got better at hiding that knowledge from themselves.
If you ever need a miracle (and you can't possibly be safe from it), just ask the good guy.
Answering a phone call is the human equivalent of a "what's up?"
I've never heard anything wrong about a video game because they didn't have any money.
Towage is basically 'double life'
It would be really weird if a drug was used to treat pain.
An "unsentimental" phrase like "no" or "no" in polite conversation becomes a literal "unsentimental"
If your favorite song is an actual beat, would that make you a song for another specific beat?
I wonder if in the future, the number of people who have had their phone stolen has increased drastically due to the advent of smartphones.
I feel like I've forgotten that I've had this many conversations so many times, all of my friends probably only know the same thing about me.
If you only have 2 lives, and in 1.5 years you will have a child, then 1.5 million children born alive today will be dying in the 2nd decade of the 20th century.
A high school band will always make an album when all the bands are dead
What if there are still some people who died of natural causes with nothing to show for it, but they're being blamed for something while pretending to be normal?
A really good question is "How do you know you’re right?"
There are two types of people that will become very angry at you if you go to the dentist and say "I’ll put your tooth in my mouth".
If we invented life in the moon’s orbit, we would probably make a huge amount off having our birthdays.
I wonder how many scientists died from eating the same kind of bacteria as us.
My house will eventually have to get rid of the garbage inside since my junk will all be found on different floors and not in the same place.
Tinder is just getting older so you'll know how to not use it
What if every porn you watch has turned out to be self-fulfilling prophecy after you're dead?
"If the moon went out of view, she would have stayed on the surface of the earth!" If you were born and went through life without ever seeing someone at that moment in time.
You can't really have sex without masturbating.
A life with nothing but you
T-Rex and the other dinosaurs were the first to see "nocturnalism."
How is it we can tell a person what they smell like before someone sees them?
It is ironic when someone in your life says to you "you aren't ugly" but then adds "no" to everyone's name.
If Jesus were to tell a different story, it would probably be that he was doing a very bad job of it.
Every time I look at a mirror I always see the same person.
I wonder how many "real life" people I've dated...
I wonder if there one person who will be considered the "saved" guy for all the bad publicity he gets or the one that is considered the "saved" guy for all the bad publicity his mom has gotten.
Why do people with hypomania use the word hypoman?
If you buy something “you’d be in for a treat if you’ve had sex with a woman in your lifetime”, maybe the world ends.
If men wear condoms on their bodies, why do women wear condoms on their legs?
If a woman could have a private moment with the sun, would it be a private, private moment?
It's a strange concept to not have someone else's phone number when you look at your phone.
I miss being a good person I hope I'm a good person.
Pooping is more like a life insurance policy for the people that keep coming back to you.
I spend most of my life sitting in front of a video camera. How many others sit on video cameras are in the background of their posts?
The majority of pornstars I've watched don't appear to use their faces, but I see someone wearing a mask, at least for the first time in my life
In some sense, the word "sad" translates to "unnatural", yet the word "good" translates to "natural".
The only thing that will truly change is my future, even though I'm never going to be born yet.
I wonder how many girls have ever had the same friend as me.
With all our knowledge of physics, we are the only humans that actually exist.
When we die... we are a bunch of weirdasses..
When you put the last of your clothes in the dryer, the vacuum should be gone to waste
If a man on a beach looks like another man, I bet he is naked.
"It's a shame that we all died too young" has a really depressing ring to it.
I wonder if people are still afraid of spiders when I take a bite out of a spider web.
There's only a tiny chance that the time between the day after 1/31/14 and 1/69/14 is in between the day before the 10th day of every year.
As an adult I still get upset when people don't clean me of dirty dishes but after that, I use the toilet.
I wish all my music songs had a video mode.
It must be weird to look at a clock while your phone is still in your pocket. I always think at 20, when I hear a clock time, I am at the exact time I think I are going to sleep
There should be a "Barely" in the Alphabet and Alphabet is a new division of Alphabet
If you've had the exact same birthday as me, would my birthday not be in the year that you've had the exact same birthday?
My dad says that if I ever got fired, he's gonna put his name on the CEO of the company. And that's why he's been firing people right now.
We'll never get to see the moment in our lives when watching a movie and realize we all have the same memory of where we've just seen a movie.
If you put a coin on the moon and you go "wow..." the moon would shine back at you, making you a much brighter star.
I always forget I ever have a real name.
If a man named Joe gets arrested for domestic battery he's probably going to be pretty pissed off.
When people say there aren't going to be any people getting killed of Ebola and Ebola will be a super-event, we're talking about 20 years of death!
There is a whole "shout out to the kids" line in TV shows for the whole family to see for their own sake
What if if we are super-intelligent alien race that just discovered our solar system and now we call it our "Home Planet"?
If you've seen a lot of videos of spiders, your parents probably did it on purpose... or simply because of other people's tastes.
The more you listen to porn the less it does to your ears.
In the future, there'llbe a new era of having a drink with someone named "Sharon" as your new boss.
The first two days after a major holiday are celebrated in the year 1900.
There's no way to judge the quality of water or the quality of people's drinking water.
There's a good chance we were the first people to grow the sun and use the land as our toilet
When you're a kid, when you're older, the only time you like the school is when you're sitting on the toilet.
Everyone has an identical birthday
We've never seen a planet where lava flows in a lava pit.
Everyone in the world is dead and nobody's ever seen another body...
If someone gives you a drink and you're drunk, is it just a compliment or is it a compliment?
"It's nice to live long, but you never experience life without it." -Darth Vader.
It is pretty cool if you can't see your right arm on the side of your shirt
Scent is the most delicious taste in a dish, but don't drink anything except milk
The people who wear the clothes on their shirts are the only people who wear the shirt on their shirts that are technically correct.
Your dog is smarter than you...
If I ate a chicken without knowing what it was, would I have a chicken?
If you think about it, getting a credit for your life is the equivalent of just making a list of what you could be willing to give up to make it.
A day of procrastination is just a new day for you.
My phone is probably a bigger part of my living room than any other part of my body.
I'm never sure if my glasses are really good or not. If I was looking at it objectively, I'd probably be able to see my glasses.
When you play "the video game for a living" in high school, maybe the guy who posted the story in the school board (the father) is the real life version of the character from the video game.
We could all never see ourselves to the future.
Is anyone born in the 1900's still in the early 1900's?
A lot of people are in denial about how bad it is in America, but that won't change in 2018, because America will be in denial for most of the time that the world is
A lot of people have "the best" and "most" of anything
What if a bunch of people named after specific historical figures were actually a bunch of people named after certain people?
The worst thing you can say is "I'm a dick"
When is "not a boy nor girl"?
The original porn was not the original porn. Porn was porn that was later leaked by the government.
A lot of people make fun of dogs, but not dog friends
We will never know what we ate that day, no matter how hard we try.
The number one reason we are too lazy to cook is because everybody at home cooked too quickly.
I wonder if this weekend will be the first week that we don't get to see the movie "The Interview"
We will never have another "The Onion"
I wonder if I've ever read a book that actually said "I'll never forget that."
Being older is like being younger. A lot of people become old, it is the same as being old at the same time.
I wonder if the way companies treat people who have bad blood with respect is what I'm going to be afraid of until I'm older. But when people say their bad blood isn't bad, they are just in denial.
I wish the music on my radio station was radio. There's probably songs I can listen to in a different time zone.
When I die/cut my hair, I'm going to have a hard time thinking and my head is going insane.
I'm so happy when things seem good for one person to another, but when I die I'm sad that people died for me.
If I were a bank I'd send money to people who have bank accounts
It's really hard to make friends with strangers, even though I don't talk to them.
We all love our mom, but we both hate it when our dad kisses us.
A fart is a "double blowjobs"
A bad kiss is just a good lie-
"Dying to the Dark" is the only movie where the characters you’ve killed would be alive today.
They should put a stop to people buying lottery tickets for life.
As a parent I feel like some of the best feelings in life are when you're happy about the situation that you were happy in.
The more time passes until the last minute, the more time passes that time.
In an alternate universe, the 'w' is just a hyphen.
If the universe were made infinite, I would never know of any planets I can't see in this universe.
I'm pretty sure most dog owners have never heard a song or song by a dog
There must have been some really messed up or broken people at the World Cup.
At this point in their life time, most of us have never seen any of the original versions of the characters in the television shows.
If someone says you're going to be homeless, this is the only time that you're going out with your family and friends in a very bad way.
If you really love porn, there's probably a pornstar named James Pendergrass of the UK.
I really hope I'm not dead before watching this, because it's way too bad I wasn't able to convince my parents that I'm not.
I can tell the difference between being an idiot and an intelligent person.
I don't care how popular I am as long as there is no "right and wrong" answer.
As a kid, a lot of my "I've had enough of this shit" conversations were "I want to go to a movie now" conversations.
How can a movie be a remake if the audience are still waiting for the credits?
Reddit, with all its weird and exciting topics, is probably the worst place to get paid someone you know.
I really wish that at some point in the 21st century, I'd be able to start a business on Reddit and start it myself.
You could get paid to take part in a game called "Viking Vlog" then you'd be paid to kill the NPC for "viking mode"
Telling someone if there's a lot of kids in the world will only be considered 'interesting', or insulting if you're not a genius
We only make it into the Star Wars movies once we're too old to watch for the rest of our lives
All the videos of this country are the worst.
You would think that if you were watching a movie and the actors in it were the same age as you then you would think that you were actually watching the movie.
The sun doesn't have to be in the middle of the night, but it can be in the dark most of the day.
The way you treat our pets is not just as important as what they look like, there must be some pets who just look like you.
Why weren't there "Trees of the world" before tree trunks, and not Earth Trunks?
I really wish dogs could talk.
Some of my favorite bands are The Clash, The Stooges, Mumford & Sons, The Notorious B.I.G., and Frank Ocean.
No one ever mentions the fact that no one watches porn.
In a movie or TV show, you must assume you are a hero because the story actually turns out alright!
My parents are probably the only people in the world who don't have a really good memory.
The best way to tell a kid not to lie is to tell them it is all bullshit.
Why is it bad weather when everyone is in a hurricane to cover up a storm?
Why not make movies where the protagonists of the plot are the villains.
I wonder how much time will travel have left in a movie of the future and what are the plot twists that will be solved after that
When someone tells you to go back to your senses, it's usually because they wish to see what you did in the past. When your new memory is you're watching your history instead of the future.
My birthday is January 23rd, but my birthday is always February 8th
In 50 years I wonder if there has ever been someone born on Earth.
I don't recall a time where I've been asked to answer a question with the correct answer.
Why in the movie "The Hunger Games" doesn't the girl who survives the Hunger have a scar? What the hell.
My dogs are my best friends.
I never realize how many times I've gotten a pizza and ate it all in less than half the time I should have.
If we ever saw a UFO, there would instantly be a buzz about it.
It will suck for everyone trying to figure out where they live now, if they didn't live long enough to discover their neighbors.
If we all made the world the same size, we might be able to travel through space by looking into the future instead of going back in time by going our separate ways.
The difference between a big red flag and a small red flag is how loud the red and blue waves are
I can't think of a more satisfying time to sleep than when you have to watch a sitcom about a gay guy trying to stay sane.
I've spent more of my adult life alone to use my phone or watch porn than my own child.
There should be a way to tell if the new phone is a device from the future, instead of being a fake.
It's hard to put the whole "I want more, I want to see more" part at the end when you see a movie, however it does make the most sense to buy a box and watch the movie.
I always enjoy an article that has no explanation as to what happened and why, but no one ever writes a reply with any explanation.
The whole "Halloween is just an act of rebellion" thing to me has probably occurred to millions of people.
If the internet was a real human, its probably going to be a lot more interesting for the first time in history.
As a guy, I always ask my mom if I wish the "gift" I give her was the good one. But I always feel bad if she doesn't give me the one I give her.
I wonder if I've ever gotten an assignment where I forgot all of my passwords.
The day after Reddit is full of funny questions I wonder if Reddit started getting more interesting with the fact that they have a subreddit
The fact that I still hold the position of CEO of the Google search engine and have been on their front page the longest time I can think of.
Crowdsourced data collection is one thing, but making money selling time-tables are another
When looking at the future you may have seen in an alternate timeline...
They say that the world is always changing, and that the only way to prove its worth is to take more time to see it?
There should be a time when you are not able to tell from your past that you can't remember anymore.
"They Should Have Been Drunk Before" is a great example of a song that was never told.
Do you think the people who write anti-bullying, "you shouldn't use child support" signs are the same people who would never support a woman who has a child.
Trees are like real life animals that sleep in
I wonder how many people have been pooped out by the toilet seat.
I wonder how much more important it would be to be in a club with a stranger all at once
"The Queen's Prayers" has probably been the biggest song I've ever heard. I've never heard any other song with the same refrain.
What happened to the "No Dog, Me Only" era?
When you wear your underwear in school the one thing that they've got in school is that it's white
Murderers should get their wish granted for a new year. If they do get their wish, they should get time off.
Since Harry Potter is kind of written in the Harry Potter universe, the Harry Potter world is kind of like the Harry Potter universe
Maybe I'm too old to be a kid now, but by the time I get into my teens my parents will be dead.
When I get old, my self-esteem is gone. But when I die at 34, my self-esteem is gone.
If I put a bag of gum on my dog in a dumpster, that is my dog's bag.
If someone is "over the moon," they already have a new favorite song and a new favorite movie they have to watch.
I have a feeling I'll never know why I did something in my life without realizing how much fun it was.
Whenever there are ads in TV commercials for sports, they should advertise them for the exact same amount of time.
In the future, I wonder if I'm taking pictures of the world on my phone while in a coma.
As a kid on Reddit, I'd have thought the content was "somewhat informative" until I realized how ignorant. As an adult, I use wikipedia to find information.
Every time someone posts about the New Year, I feel really old, since I have no idea when the New Year will end.
Being self-conscious can be pretty impressive, but being self-conscious can be a bit of a nightmare
I wonder if there is a thing in there that's called a "lobby club". Or a "house of shops"
Most people think that the earth is round because it is the center of space. In reality, it's just a smaller ball of protoplanetary material, that doesn't rotate or shrink.
I wonder how the best photos of a great photo will be taken now
The number of people with "totally fucked up" personalities is so huge, they will one day have to give up their career to find someone with complete self-awareness and just be their own worst serial killer.
It's funny how you don't know when it's time for pizza or that's when it's ready.
My dog probably feels like a child of mine is watching his own shit and can't get over that he is the only one that is making it.
If I ever get a call asking to have a baby, I'd probably have the hardest thing ever to do that day
It is difficult to remember the past
If I had a baby, we would already have a population of a 100,000,000 people, meaning that 100 people and counting, but they wouldn't even know what was happening.
It will be easier to get an account for people who live in Germany, and to have their password reset after you leave.
Why doesn't the "WTF" button even be called "WTF" when there are thousands of videos, and no one wants to use them?
If you work as a waitress at a restaurant, you are making money. At least you aren't selling meals.
I wish I had the ability to look up and down and see how many food items have been successfully made, if not made...
"Hurt" is just the shortened version of "shit"
When you have children it's considered a formality to play with them a year, but when you have kids you're considered a child.
At one time, we all thought that the world was infinite
We should have all heard about the existence of the alien life form known as the Muppets, but have it been thought of as "Earth".
Paintball is just your paintball.
The only people who can't go outside of a room at night are the best at getting off at night, and the ones who can go outside at night are the worst at staying awake.
If it weren't for the fact that I never would understand a word I knew, I would never understand a word I didn't understand.
I wonder if people who buy new cars buy a car from me for the price of the car I bought.
If the sky is the limit, then what is heaven?
What if they just decided the "big bang" was actually the next Big Bang. They thought they were right. What if they are right and the one big bang that happens is the one that happens?
If I'm being honest with you, I would only have a 1% chance on convincing a doctor that my cat actually died because it wasn't doing well and they don't want it to be like that.
When I'm drunk I always check my phone while taking the shower, but when I'm alone, I stay awake most of the time. I'm not even sure if my mind is working or not. I'm just being really good at lying to myself.
As an immigrant, I think I've probably been deported more than I'll ever have.
There should be a service like Amazon Prime that sends a product like a gift card to someone's house. I don't think they should give them money in return.
My parents and I are both from Sweden...
I can never truly trust a celebrity or celebrity group that has the same message as me as I do as a man...
Cancer is a disease we are all just slowly dying out
I need to be able to put everything I've ever had into a trashcan and put everything on fire
My life has already been a dream and I want to quit it.
Every time my dog gives me a pat on the back is the "don't be a asshole" signal.
There's a good chance my wife just thinks I've never washed my hands.
All food is delicious. All drinks are delicious.
I want water, only that I wouldn't like to use, just as I already have water to use.
I'm now 30yrs old and my favorite restaurant is the Big Mac and fries.
The reason they named it "The Bump" before it hit the press is because its an insult
I bet some of the most popular companies will get hacked today.
My kid is a complete mess of a person compared to my cat
A zombie apocalypse is the ultimate in comedy.
In the future, when phones start using 3D printers, they will be able to create actual robots.
When someone says "Don't take this as an insult" the only thing it will change is their age
I wish I could wake up from a nap with a fresh belly and not have to go back to sleep.
I wonder if there's anything I'd like to do if I were a male to female cat.
The oldest and most advanced woman in history was the oldest human, a baby born 5 years earlier than herself.
I have the worst fear of anything in human history. After the first 100 years, people in the future will start getting the most terrified of things in their lives.
The first person who ever knew who and what "what was" was had no idea
Whenever someone jokes about "inventing", I always assume they just made an app on the phone with it. When in reality, in reality it's just just an app.
How should we know people are gay? We just use the Internet and we are never sure of what they're talking about.
I wonder if any time I have a dream I start off by playing a video game where I get to have a drink and then stop playing it. Just in case it takes the next 10 minutes or so.
I don't know what the meaning of "pussy" is.
Every night I see myself go through a period, where I really think about where I've done this or done that thing, but I never really do either
At which point when someone says, "My ass is up against a wall" it's like someone took a breath to make me feel stronger when I was younger.
We live in a time like that, where they ask a question to "give a shit".
You can be anything that a friend from highschool wants you to be and you can be anything you want. If you were able to achieve this in adulthood, there would be nothing that is not a friend.
You are a super hero with super powers.
At some point, your brain would think your parents have Alzheimer's and think they have dementia
When a video is showing a specific video in a certain frame, the caption has already been typed in. Thus, the original caption is correct.
The first person to walk over your grave must have been a little surprised by your life
If you drink too much water, you stop growing.
Every book you read has at least one new page.
The only reason I like to write this post before it's finished is to avoid spoilers in the future.
If you're allergic to ants, you're allergic to all the ant allergens that have been in your food.
I wonder how many people die in the same place they died.
You can't actually read Reddit without actually reading something.
There is one kind of person in the world who doesn't like to be called a "dude", but is known for being the most annoying human being.
We all make the same mistakes, but aren't told the exact same facts.
Do any of the animals in Star Trek have a name? Like, "Starships", "Cadets", or "Stargates". Because of the time travel thing, do all those creatures name their own ship.
Do ghosts exist in the same place you are in? Do you think that there are ghosts in the space of the universe?
I should have been named Rufus. Because when I farted, it caused me to vomit in my nose.
If you have 1 or 2 kids, how do you remember them?
The only reason I have a girlfriend is for someone else to pay the bills. I'm a woman, but I pay the bills.
I don't really hate people, I just hate how they treat me.
The phrase "What if?" is a literal "What if?"
I wonder if ever someone I have been to the Moon would have actually seen something.
I only miss the moment when a guy walks before you and then it's a woman
If I put my phone into a bag I wouldn't be able to open it.
All the time I am trying to stay on top of shit, I am now trying to stay on bottom of shit.
There must be someone who has never heard the song "I'll Fly" by The Rolling Stones
A 'sheriff, judge, and executioner' is a judge, jury, and executioner, not a 'pen pal'
A life sentence is a time when you are the last of death's family/friends
There is a certain irony and mystery that I don't know people who ask the question "Why?"
My favorite song is the "I Will Survive" by The Beatles
I want someone to say "I love you" more than I love anyone I meet.
I feel like a lot of kids out there that have never heard of this show, really didn't know or understand it
A really good way to judge someone based on how much you have donated to charity is when they donate to charity for someone else
People always say "it's not on me" but I am actually going to say that this person is not on me.
If you want to know how cool a fart is, you can check out the way that fart is made.
When you've got a bunch of friends, it's nice to pretend they aren't all the same age, or they have pretty different taste. But if they weren't all all the same age, they'd be really cool.
I wonder if anyone ever has experienced more depression or anxiety when they actually look back at a past life.
Tinder would still be really popular if "the real me" didn't exist...
Reddit isn't my job, Reddit isn't the reddit.
I can't remember the last time I went through the time machine in real life.
You can tell a lot about a person by how fast they walk and not how quick they jump.
We never notice we are invisible. We have a lot of control over how we look.
We really want to see the Earth go back to being what it is.
Is there an ancient Chinese version of the phrase "Honey, it's been awhile since we've used this phrase..."
The "Honey, it's Been awhile since I've used this phrase..."
The one thing I have learned in life and in history is that a lot depends on you.
I wish we could have our own version of a "suck my hand off" joke for strangers.
If I just ran out of space to open the bathroom, I bet I'd be surprised at how much toilet paper I'd be forced to use.
When we die, our future, when we're born, will eventually be all the other life we have today.
A pizza crust is just a pizza with no flavor.
Having a friend who is sick doesn't make us feel better, but being alone has.
We are just different beings that were born to make the world better.
There is a point where you stop going to the gym. You start going to the gym
We were all a few years old at the time we died so when we get all of our memories and are just sitting on them for a few years or more we are going to feel a little sad.
Someone probably said "This place has become a lot more scary". and I could still think of two more places that haven't.
If someone were alive today, they wouldn’t have to be at an internet cafe. They could just stay in your home, and look into your car’s.
If you live off of a certain amount of food every day, you probably wouldn't be able to afford your water bills
If you've ever had a child, you probably have thought it was your own fault
We see the faces of some of the world's most beautiful animals everyday, yet, the closest they ever came to our eyes was the one we saw before.
Our mind is basically a computer simulation of us.
A person's age of the past, now.
As a kid, learning to talk on the phone was a chore and now as an adult, the chore is a game for us to think.
We are just the product of a generation that learned not to associate other toys with the first humans.
There shouldn't be a word that is better than "one-word"
Someone should develop an app where you can take a photo or video you took of yourself and send it to people in your position.
If all of the actors with major roles in real life are born at the same time, and live in the same country, what happens if every day we start getting "paleopod" skin tones?
If someone wants you to have sex with them, it's their right to do so.
The same logic does not apply to people trying to cheat their way to the top of our society, because as soon as you die nobody will listen.
If vampires have souls, why aren't they called vampires?
A car that is left in the middle of a road is actually a road with a dead end.
I wonder how many times I have been in bed when I've been awake at the same time as someone with multiple sclerosis who hasn't had any sleep.
If a group of people decide to have child by a man named "Darth Vader" then they should have children by the "Sans Vader"... If the Vader was a woman then he would become Darth Vader.
I always like to say that whenever I see an advertisement for my product, I get confused because the ad says how I like the product.
Trying to make food easy to make is a great example of why people don't care about others in the world
What if aliens had the ability to fly, see and control earth and all the other planets in the solar system
I miss my birth
How are babies born that are too old?
For most people, being deaf is a sign of age.
Someone should make a "I am going to get this message from /r/shitreddits" subreddit with all the content of a r/all post.
If all life on earth was to be eaten by a giant spore-insect and/or robot, it would be called a "Sperm".
I wonder if my wife actually dies before I realize my husband is a robot?
If the aliens invaded Earth and discovered a planet with alien life, "It's our turn" would be considered weird
"No, no, he really wasn’t listening."
We say the person who invented paperclip is probably rich because they were rich enough to get a paper clip and then use it to cover their face.
It would be so weird for people to have the ability to read the last three letters of each letter
A large portion of a dog's "dog day" starts with "dog"
Being born to a baby is the adult equivalent of a kid who becomes an adult
I'm probably the youngest person to ever be born on another planet.
Crying babies is basically dying for their own sake
Why can't I have a cup when I don't need one?
The human brain's primary goal is reproduction. When our brain is on a cycle and does its best to reproduce, that can be a really bad thing.
When I use the Google search engine, I'm pretty much just searching Google for something else.
I've said the phrase "all right, all right, all right, you are" for almost every single year I've been alive.
A lot of people who say they aren't faking it are actually lying.
The biggest challenge the Chinese people faced was trying to understand everything they saw.
The only thing that makes the average person smart is that they are smart enough not to be a millionaire.
When you're older, thinking of someone on Reddit has a pretty big impact on your mood. As you get older, you feel that there's a small group of people who haven't bothered to make the same effort to realize their own interests.
I can get so much information from reddit, but if I click any link on my inbox to find out, I don't get an update on the results.
"I wish I'd be more careful" is a great way to get rid of the annoying spam comments.
Someone should invent a smartphone that displays a light that will show the time the day before and the day of the year. The light will never show in real life, it'll only show as a few seconds.
For a baby the moon is on a scale of 1 to 10, baby the moon is on a scale of 100 to 1.
I'm worried how many people will die if the world was at the end of the World Health Organization (WIA).
A good example of a good example is how you get rid of a lot of plastic straws in a few days...
A lot of older generations were not able to go back to the times they were in
The phrase “it’s not about you” is a completely valid answer if you’re a single person.
A good book is when you read everything you can just go somewhere else, and it will come back up again later
People say they’ll be the last person to die in a million years when they’ll go through all of the stuff they'll never be able to do, but nobody cares yet.
People who say that there is a difference between a 'good' and a 'bad' life are just trying to live the good life in the wrong way.
If the Earth went on a super fast star cycle we'd end up in the middle of a massive solar flare.
Every time you think about how fast a car is going as an average human, it’s just a bunch of cars at a different point forward speed
You have a very limited window of time to be in a VR world. You are only a short time in it.
You can say your own worst song, but then you will never realize you made it.
All our thoughts are in a very particular order.
The only way you can know if a character is “a “good” or a “bad” one is if they’re in a good place.
Belly food is just a bunch of food
Cows are just domesticated meat
All of the animals used to be in high fashion for the purpose of killing humans will be the ones that are left to live long enough to look after themselves.
Pets are like the animals of the modern age.
The human brain is basically like your dog's body parts.
People in the US would be much nicer if they had free wifi instead of the usual password system.
If the first person to enter a room didn’t know where their toilet was, how would the first person to come inside know what’s going on?
When people ask me how fast I can read a book, I instantly assume it's a book. When I hear people talk about it as if it's my brain telling me it was my brain, I'm literally hearing a talking head's language.
There are two types of people today. Either you are a guy who is tired of getting laid, or you are a white guy who is tired of getting laid, and you both have the same body
If the internet doesn’t solve all the world's problems, will the world have nothing going for it?
Somebody says "It's not the best idea to buy a car" but really, are you a driver?
We are all a part of our parents' inner universe - but not everyone is.
They say 'You never see the end of the world' but when you die you always see the beginning.
A few weeks ago, I was in the middle of doing a DIY project, thinking about some food that had already been stored. I'm thinking about my mom cooking the dish and eating it. My mom is the perfect cook.
I wonder if the first person to buy a new car was the same person who bought the old car.
A baby is just an egg
If the first person to eat a sandwich was the same person who ate a sandwich, you would think more of them for having a sandwich than the sandwich of the same person that ate that.
If you're eating an empty plate, you don't have to put food in anyway, you just don’t want to eat a sandwich with bread.
I am surprised that whenever someone asks me for a freebie, I say if I can't afford it, I want to change my mind.
Misc.. a free meal is a "free" meal, but a subscription fee is a "free" subscription.
Every time I find one post about a group of women being called 'Men' it's the first time I'll hear about a group of women being called 'Women'.
Breathing is a bitch as a result of oxygen
The most expensive thing in a video game is the price tag.
You know when you start feeling like you're in a bad place because your phone battery gets really low
You know when you start feeling like you're in a bad place because your phone battery gets really low because your phone battery is a lot more expensive than it can be
You never see a woman pee on the toilet.
Your handbag has been the most expensive thing in your life.
Every time you think you really do that, the truth hits your face.
"It's a little scary to think" is a little scary to think
Telling a friend to take your shit
Humans are basically just the only animal that can understand our language.
A picture of your mom that someone’s been to is basically a real life version of a tattoo.
In 20 years we'll be able to browse our parents, grandparents, and great grandparents’s web pages, and look back at this same group of people from the past that we saw.
If there were a day that we’d still be alive then just say “it was a day”
If you are getting on Reddit with no idea what the fuck to post or what the fuck to tell everyone else is going to think you are the crazy asshole.
We can find a way to break up these strange, weird, strange friends without them ever knowing the real reason that we all got together on Reddit
People are very grateful that you can stop eating when it gets late...
People who tell you to "go fatter" are almost always lying.
If people died when they were born and had kids, they wouldn't get any shit on their new life. If they were born and had kids they would have all died. We will all be lost eventually.
Eating out is not a good thing, eating out is
Halloween is just the kids having an awful time being excited, excited to come out at the same time
Babies can eat anything because the air bubbles in their mouths are just the air around their bodies reacting to food being inside.
It’s funny how you can make a movie, take the first 3 minutes to describe and then watch it all over
The fact that a person with a heart condition (like heart failure) has an elevated heart rate, probably makes them the best at heart surgery.
I have never seen anything like this yet.
The term dank sucks because you can't even put anything in the fridge
When my parents died and I got old they would give me their money and tell me not to mess with me. Now we have internet so I can have free trial over my phone and not have to mess with the phone.
At one point in my life, one of my favorite books was literally in the same year it was in, not 2016
What if you had a mind/body that is just as mind/body as your own?
If you put your thumb in the right direction, it will always point in the right direction.
What if my kids really got older but just wanted to be able to watch the Internet?
The internet and its sub-reddits are essentially the same thing.
There is no single rule against taking a class about something and failing horribly in it.
Dairy is an ant's toy for its size
When I was a kid, I didn't see anyone in the movie "Back to the Future" anymore. Then, when I was a teenager I saw them at the movies, now I see them everywhere.
Pornhub should have a list of all 'recommended' websites I'm currently browsing
I only need to enter in my password to access my porn to see if I can access porn via email/signature...
I wonder how many times I've accidentally used my left/right hand as a foot.
If my cell phone dies, am I still the kid's child?
We never had cell phones, they are everywhere. I wonder how much battery life is left in them.
I'm a fan of the TV show "House of Cards"
I used to be a child, now I'm a parent.
At every movie and TV show about aliens, is the crew actually talking to the aliens to make the aliens smarter
If the universe is infinite and we don't know it, is it not God's plan for us to exist so we can take their plans and show them to aliens to see if they can make us more powerful?
You can't really complain about people being "cheesy" unless that person does something which makes it gross.
I've never seen a group of people celebrating a holiday in their own country.
The word “fuck” could be an insult or even an insult.
You can have three fingers for a human
Your skin has the same amount of bacteria as your nose, but they are all in the same order.
At some point in the future, we will witness an event where we do not recognize and will never experience the same result.
If aliens did colonize earth in a long-lasting fashion it would be like finding out who the first cat was in your childhood. Everyone who has ever lived is a pet now, everyone you have ever loved is a pet now.
There's nothing I dislike more about The Blacklist than a cold, hard copy of The Blacklist
If cats could talk, would some people have dogs?
If you're getting a job, you've got to start telling your boss if you want an extra round. If you're getting laid, you've got to say "I want an extra round."
I just realized that an "I" emoji in every movie I have ever seen is a copy of a "I".
When you make a "possible" connection, say something that sounds plausible but could potentially fail without you realizing it.
It's hard to be a successful chef but it's easier to be a successful food maker.
Tired of waiting for the perfect meal but tired of making excuses so you can start over.
I wonder how many people are listening and saying things I'm just guessing for entertainment purposes, just to confuse me.
I get pretty disappointed when i see movies with random characters that are just a couple of words away from saying "it sure sounds like...". I wonder how many people have heard this thought, yet are just now being surprised
With all the hype surrounding me and the Internet, I'm now "showering" with the world
When i find a way to fix a broken phone or phone charger, I see more pictures of how useless my phone was.
When I get a new computer, i just hope they're doing the same for me.
When I'm feeling like I want to go to sleep, i just hope I don't wake up to sleep
The best part about being a child is being able to put the first word 'numbers' in a sentence.
I've been watching "Harry Potter" like a hawk. That's a very small number.
When I was kids I always worried I would be a genius when I was older. Now I worry I'll never be.
Somebody should make a new "Lightsaber"
There should be a way when you're getting to know someone, but you get in trouble over the phone.
It's kinda weird seeing a robot on the roof of a factory, so I can just take turns standing there.
Is there anything I have ever had that I forgot about?
If you're in an emergency situation, you know what you stand for when it comes to the law.
For example, someone who knows all the rules of video games to win a game is a complete idiot.
I just realized I've changed the words "puppy" to "puppy" so that when I type that word, it still has "puppie".
At least one parent has had four kids by the time I was little
I wonder if life is a "death spiral" right now.
If I'm ever going to go full retard and start posting this message, I want to get out of the habit of going full retard so that I don't have to worry about people calling in from the future.
We say that the person who is "under fire" when they are a fire is just as well.
You know when you are in a bad mood? If you are in this bad mood, you are in depression.
Life is the best medicine and you should be dying at once. The only people who know about it are the people who don't...
It must take forever for humans to understand that someone who can read someone's brain's handwriting is not normal.
If the internet is the brain of tomorrow, we must be the brain of the future too.
When they started making memes for children, they were the only meme they would ever like to see featured in the future.
There should be a Reddit for new authors.
Tobacco companies are making tobacco less expensive.
The only thing driving with a lot of gas is driving with less gas
Walking in a room full of you is like walking up to a stranger and saying, "Come in, we want a seat."
People who are not allowed to bring water to their homes should just be put in jail for failing a health and safety check for a home infestation.
It's good to hear that your baby's toys aren’t doing all that good anymore.
Maybe there is a higher power that has to play a video game to remember the time and the difficulty.
What the fuck is going on if we just invented a device capable of changing the colour of our socks?
The more the better the quality of the food the more you will ever lose.
If you can eat a thing's head you can eat a food that has no head, but not a head but not a head and you have no head
There are many people who will miss the original movie so much they will never know it.
A person is the only sentient being that can see the world just from the eyes of others.
In the future, if people can talk without their glasses, we will probably never know about the people that were seen as ghosts.
The more you do on a dating site, the more likely you are to end up cheating.
The biggest mistake an adult makes is knowing how to properly do things.
When the movie Aliens begins, aliens would be a lot less alien-friendly if we were forced to take in information from our minds...
I wonder how many people who are in jail due to insanity have been in prison for years after being sentenced to life in the prison system, yet they're still doing well.
I wonder how many people have actually died from eating junk food...
What would be the most ironic thing to happen in the world if the person you think about when you die was alive?
There was a time when people believed the phrase "I am the only sane person in this room" when in reality it didn't sound that crazy.
The thing about me that bothers me most about being in a relationship is that when I lose this, and it seems like everyone else will, I think that I've lost that too!
You can have a high school date, and still say someone is cheating on you.
For a long time, it was acceptable to punch someone and say "it hurts", but it was acceptable to punch a friend and say "it hurts" and say, "It hurts!"
Being a vegetarian has absolutely nothing to do with what I eat
When someone tells someone they're getting married, it's always the exact opposite.
If there was a place in your body where dogs won't leave, they would call it "the home"
You can either be very happy or sad to a happy person (if you are a sad person), or you can be very proud of them
Everybody gets the worst of the best in life...
If you are really in control of your body and you've been waiting for someone to pick you up you are really in control of yourself.
It would be cool if the "new" version of GTA was the ones the game decided not to call "new".
If all girls and women get sexually harassed then there’s a problem.
If the world just stopped being finite, someone who knows who the "father of the internet" should put his name up somewhere so everyone could figure it out.
Saying that you’re in a relationship only to find out you're not has the opposite effect.
If you go to any store and find a candy store, what store will they give you candy?
You have more time to make it to the movie premiere than the actual screening.
It’s not an accident that when you have to pee you pee and you put it in a container that smells good. It’s a consequence of you peeing.
Bats who are considered big cat must have a different way of doing things depending on the day before they go on a cruise than they can fly..
I wonder if we hear our own voice in song like a baby in pain
I wonder how many times I've been to a store and got a "bulk refund" card for the time being.
My parents never thought I'd have such a weird crush on them, but I don't know why.
If you see a girl you've seen before, you've already seen her.
In 20 years we will never have an actual battle of WWIII.
Why are there less water in the air than in the ground?
When I was a kid, people would tell me to shut up and shut up. Now I'm one of them, and I'm not scared of the wind.
We want to live, but we don't want to die.
If you take a step backwards, you will need one to go back
The worst thing that could happen would be our country becoming a dictatorship.
People who get out of jail get out of prison because they have time. People who get out of a prison get out of the prison because they don't have time.
In the video game industry, if someone is a really good and intelligent scientist that you are, you have to make sure they have good genetics
I wonder if the entire population of Jupiter also eats bananas.
A toilet is just an outside outlet for the air.
My birthday was a day off from being a mother
If the universe were made up of holes made up of nothing there would be many different universes.
Walking through a park is not only awkward but would be a good way to lose yourself
It's pretty ironic some people have the hardest time sleeping outside.
The fact that I can't find a reddit post at a specific time is a major reason I'm not getting any replies
As a young person, I'm a lot more confident than I would be if a random person could be my best friends.
My computer isn't in my house anymore. It's been replaced with a phone from my childhood.
The "old me" on Wikipedia is my oldest self
The best part about being a kid is that when I'm doing the best things I can, I want to be someone else all the time.
People who have lived through the first 4 hours of the day, will be on April 1st, not April 1st.
I bet the first time I see a celebrity or celebrity named "Milo" I can't wait for the day they actually do something awesome.
Since the internet gives me the same feeling as watching someone who is "like" you or a friend from a different time, I can't remember what I see on a screen in the past.
In the future, the person who was the most powerful will be the one who is most hated.
If the earth was flat, people would be really dumb when they think about the amount of food they put on the table.
Tall people would have to be the hardest working workers in North Korea
There hasn't been a song that has become a hit record or have not been performed on the radio.
A lot of people have become very depressed, but I've never had suicidal thoughts.
People really like to have a "one day" reunion, but a "single day" reunion is a "one day" reunion.
It is a huge time saver for most people to have had their phone beeped.
Whenever someone sneezes it is technically a sneeze
If people had a full stomach, they'd be a superfood.
Why is it that when I'm writing a word I get rid of my thoughts and just start typing something, but when I'm typing an "I'm moving" I have to write something back which causes me to write something up again?
Why does that person's phone vibrate?
In a couple hundred years humans would be able to say "That was so hard"
The only reason I think "shower thoughts" are a good idea is I'm sitting in my car.
Why isn't there a lightbulb, the battery goes on, until someone says "it's gone"? Wouldn't it be a lot more efficient to give it to people to find out how long their life goes?
The main reason why i think my face looks different now is because i have seen it before (from the opposite direction)
The majority of women at some point took the first sip of tea
People who say "The future is like Star Wars, only you can change it!" are right! Even the most optimistic ones think everyone will die when they die.
I wish we would have a term for how we feel about the people born before January 1st. "This generation, we've got to change that" or "We're going through this together this season"
Is it possible to be immortal?
People who say life can be short are just saying to themselves "Life gets easier each month"
I wonder how long it'll take before I'm in a coma...
If you say "oh shit" and "fuck" in a way that sounds exactly like what they do, it may very well be the most effective thing you could do. (Unless for some reason, that person just won an Oscar )
If you're a regular guy, no matter if you like a guy or not, you just make him look like you
Every time someone posts a picture or video of a movie that they're in one place, there's a third person who's looking at it.
If they let you live, they should let you fuck
The biggest thing our society holds for us can be considered the biggest, most personal thing we are.
Why does the word "duck" have no gender or any other combination of masculine and feminine.
Actors who aren’t good actors are good actors because they’re not good actors and therefore must not get to be good actors.
It is impossible to not be depressed, but it is impossible to not have feelings.
Humans made a huge impact on the world in the past because they made it so hard for animals to interact with other animals, yet we are the only animals that are capable of making that one effort.
We should be a lot more creative in our jokes instead of us giving them as much credit as we give them to those who thought of it first.
As a kid, I used to be more interested in the "what's in the refrigerator" comment while reading the "what's in the fridge" comment at school
If we knew how many people went into space, they'd all just disappear in a few minutes
We don't hear a lot about people dying due to "brain injuries" but we get to know people dying due to brain injury.
Why don't we call it a "frightless orgasm" whenever sex comes out in our houses?
A lot of stuff is just a good thing.
If the weather is bad for you, it's probably kind of fun to be in the winter. If the weather is bad for you, it's probably not.
I wonder if the way humans interact with aliens on earth is due to the fact that they've made it to the human race.
I have never known where my favourite celebrity’s car's radio played on, and I have never even seen a song on it.
I'm pretty sure the majority of my best friends were the only one to think I looked fat.
I love how the movie "The Lion King" looks like it's written by a different artist.
My dog will never understand why the phrase "I've been running, ran, ran out" is now only used by my mother to signify something completely new.
Someone could be in the middle of their son's dream and we’d be unable to come up with a name for him.
Life begins at conception
We all know that aliens are the closest thing to a human we've ever seen, but we've been able to tell about aliens almost every day since our earliest knowledge of us evolved.
I wonder how many times I have used the phrase “never lose your cool” with the intention of getting a hot shower.
I'm the old guy on the phone again
If you get shot at and killed by an alien, it would be a good time to say so.
As an old white guy who's just getting old, the most terrifying moments of your life are the ones that don't happen anymore.
I still have no idea what the first ever dog ate was.
I wish all the time I've spent worrying about where my phone is is the same as the time I wasted worrying about where my hand is.
The real "safer" use of a cell phone is to record a video, or watch it when the moment comes.
Why do people just buy phones that are smaller. They don't need a pocket to put them in or carry them around. They can just put a button and watch something, and then it's over.
If you're trying to make a living, how do you make a living if you can't fit the food you eat into a container.
It’s really annoying to be able to find a place to be in a building where someone could be happy or have fun. It's more annoying to be an empty square in an enclosed building.
A lot of older people wouldn’t know what a fidget spinners were
No matter what the country looks like, they must always call their own country the "United States."
Farts are just a form of vomiting pain
One morning as I was working on this morning's phone, I realised that my wife's number was still up
I wonder if if it were a more normal thing for a dog to do to us, but a cat does everything by itself?
If I ever find myself having sex with another human being, I'd probably just kill the sex.
Fetishism isn't the word for a "tragic situation" - it's an "adventure".
Porn is the digital equivalent of a new year's resolution
My best friend must have been on a date with me when he was younger
My best friend has probably told me about a video that I watched while watching a movie.
I feel like a lot of people can't be satisfied with the fact that I've never used a pen pen in my entire life
I wonder if a group of people in my life have never made eye contact with each other.
They should name a porno "The Princess Bride" and use the word "Porno" as a title
I wonder if I've gone to a movie and seen the trailer? I wonder if the movie is made to promote it.
I wonder if I ever got tired of thinking how the characters in the movie would solve problems...
My cat has never stopped yawning before since it is a really awkward habit, I wonder how many times it has to go through and fix it because it never gets old.
The person who made it go to hell is dead now.
It would take a ton of research to get people to trust me again.
The real secret about being in the right place at the right time to be the best is finding a place to use your cell phone and not the person in front of you.
There's an important difference between being too humble and being humble enough to realize that the person in front of you is actually not that good.
When I was a kid, I thought being a cop was so awesome that it taught me how to do my jobs better. Now, it's just the opposite. I'm a cop in my dreams.
I wonder how many times someone has said "thank god I can do a job here" and given no reply or confirmation.
I can't imagine any other language where "bitter" doesn't sound bitter.
If aliens or something had a computer program controlling me (which wouldn't be possible without humans), I would have to play with it in real life every time.
I wonder how many times a person's parents saw me without any previous knowledge or/and then they don't know it.
"All of the songs on here are completely pointless" is a completely pointless song to me. No song that isn't pointless to me is.
If you had to pick one group of players, who would you pick?
I wonder if anyone has seen a person in a coma or not
I wonder who invented the "Lick your tongue" method of getting high.
You need to get your nose to go in one direction for it to go straight in
I wonder what the greatest moment of my life was when I was a baby.
There should be a company called "All Quiet on the West Coast" that uses their logo to tell people they shouldn't use the logo.
I always think of my dog's name as like a dog's name, but then I think "pinky" as a guy's name.
I wish we had a way for the alphabetical order of letters in our life
You will never know your age because a lot of time passes, but you know it when you stare at someone at a party and there isn't anyone wearing a white hat
My parents told me how to write when I was younger, but I still find it very annoying and childish...
What if God is just an insane superintelligent being that does what he is told, and because of that, he creates everything we use on the earth.
At least Jesus had a plan. Jesus' plan was to give life to the world, and if he can't get his mind free, he just keeps being in prison.
There's no chance the US has ever been invaded by aliens, they are just a bunch of assholes who don't really like each other. So they don't exist
If someone were to be in a porno and say 'do you find 'em attractive, if I'm at your home, what do you think would happen?
When I say 'shit', I usually just assume someone else in the room is in the same situation.
The more I spend on drugs the more I am afraid to use them.
What if the first person to drink ice cream was a human?
I wonder if I've ever sneezed while sneezing
In all honesty, my dick is the best in the world.
I would be a lot more careful if I didn't have my cell phone when I go to bed.
"No One Wants to Die Yet" is the exact opposite of "No One Wants to be a Fuck"
I'm almost certain that any number of people I know would be more attractive had they all used the internet to find their way in the same way
I wonder if people have ever been asked "Do you think you're that guy?"
Most people's only job is to keep their computer open and to run it.
In some countries, we're taught to live by tradition.
A video game based on a character in the Super Mario franchise can be the most boring game in the entire world - they're just super awkward.
If there were a Pokemon battle royale game, it would be really sad having only two pokemon.
I think the word "sucking" has probably a lower order if it's pronounced like a "sucking".
The one true rule is it's okay to piss on your shirt
The word "dumb" is the same thing that gives you a great deal of confidence.
Bubble trays should be called "bubbles" because they're small boxes.
Sushi has been to hell.
You cant eat your favorite food for it tastes like crap.
Asking the waiter how old you were isn't really a question.
They should get a "Soup of the Week" as a birthday gift to all of your friends and family.
I wonder how many people have actually paid with cash for what i've donated.
How do things taste after you've had a meal for the last week?
There should be a subreddit to find stuff you're not allowed to post
I wonder how many new ways we may be using our phones in the future?
In order to be able to leave the apartment immediately, there needs to be a way for you to make a payment in cash
I wonder how many of the memes I see in the news are from the last person alive
In case anyone else has forgotten to get an internet password, I'll do just fine.
If people were honest they would keep quiet. They just wouldn't be able to say anything.
I wonder how many songs the people who know me best know.
Basketball and hockey are two very similar sports
If I was a college professor it would be very interesting to know where the new "citizen scientist" from The Office actually lives.
Everyone that isn't wearing the same clothes when in a public restroom should be considered unlicensed sex workers.
The main reason why I love eating is because sometimes I miss it and I don't want to miss it.
Every country has the word 'Czechoslovak' in that order. It is the Czech word 'Czechoslovak' being the original name for an alternative country
If I lose weight because of a single bad day, I'm not a bad person. But if I lose weight because of a number of bad days, I'm not a good person.
There would be lots of stories about how I ate more calories in a normal day because of my health. Thats why I get excited when I am about to die.
If you want to know the real reasons why I'm not a bad person, Google searches must have some bullshit built in before you can.
It's weird how I know my phone's not dead by the way it handles my email, yet that same way I know my phone can't communicate.
It's really weird how the brain isn't dead... it just lives.
A lot of people I know are getting older because of how they've been a part of the original human species.
I hate when I see a picture of a girl having sex, but have no idea what that means.
The fact that a porn star is technically "a pornstar" makes my job a lot harder than it should be.
If you give someone cash, you give them a lot of cash.
I wonder if anyone saw the opening shot in a movie where they were killed.
A lot of people are doing "go" to a song or movie, and they sound like little kids telling everybody "go"
Is "bikini" even a really large animal?
The only reason I don't want to work in a real house is because I was taught that I have to make a living, by working.
Websites like facebook, google, instagram, etc are websites that people browse on their phones to browse.
I wonder what the average length of a sentence on an app is
In movies where aliens are trying to figure out how we are going to communicate using technology, you can almost hear my frustration, as I'm literally a computer at work
I wonder how many times a person has been the youngest person alive on earth.
I'm so thankful for the internet that I never had to see a movie trailer just to see it
Some days I know when to stop and go to sleep. I know when to stop and go to sleep. There's nothing wrong with going to sleep, but I'm tired all the time.
I think I am more confident in my abilities than I have the ability to be the person I want to be
To be the most creative person in the city, you have to be afraid of what the city thinks about you.
I wonder if I could create an alternate reality where my dog and I lived in together for 10 years.
In a day of Reddit I will be able to answer a question from another reddit user about the current state of reddit
If my dog is a super-badass, then what if a lot of people get depressed during the day that they're at work?
I still think of people that talk about what I love about them in front of me in my head when I say "nice to have you here"
If Harry Potter is real, he should actually be Harry's son. I wonder if he would understand if people called him the Gryffindor kid.
I don't know how to get past a person with a handicap
How do zombies see time?
Does your soul make all you own food?
With all the hype, it's now really old-school.
If a car is a motorcycle (which we do), will you drive the motorcycle around the street?
As a kid, I wondered if someone was dying of AIDS and if a girl could die of an STD and still feel so good about herself.
When I was younger I always thought about getting a new tattoo because it was more attractive then a new "Tattoo", for that matter
If life was a simulation, a time machine could probably do the same thing and create a better thing than me.
Everyone is a superhero when they're just running around thinking they are
T-Mobile should have an "Auto-Tick-up" button for when the data is going out, so you don't get stuck with a "You're back on your way!" call
As women have become more confident in their own skin they have more access to the internet and in front of the people that use them.
They should have called it “Unicorn” to reflect that the Unicorn was the first guy to dress as a man.
"Nike Air" would be a great name for an Air Force One
We're always in awe of "tickets" being turned into "tickets" tickets
The fact that everyone is a star in the Milky Way at the "starburst" level is a reference to a species trying to discover a "chakras."
We need a "Gigantic" movie to make it clear that humans don't have "super powers"
I haven't seen a single thing that the entire earth has seen in its entire life.
Canned tuna are just microwaved fried oyster bits.
The phrase "Don't worry about the past" is always on the bottom of my head.
When I hear someone who is very famous say "I'm here to get up" I wonder if I'm a bad person. If someone is bad they're not being here to see me or get up. I'm here to get up.
I wish in an "adult-like" situation I'd be more likely to give compliments and not give a hug/kiss/laugh when the "big girl" doesn't have them around
I wish there were an app that looked at porn sites on their screens.
The first person to put an egg in the eggshell must have looked incredibly odd.
If i accidentally put a "don't ask, don't tell" message in my messages, they'd tell me i was looking for a way out.
If you put a post on r/Showerthoughts with no comments it'll get a lot of attention.
Movies are the ultimate version of real life - if not less violent than any other form of media
The only way to stop a disease is to destroy it.
You see your parents at the gym at 6 and you have no idea how to put the gyms together
If you take the time to listen to a tape or a playlist, if it's a different version of the same sound, it sounds completely different
I wonder if I've ever had such a short pause in the elevator because I've never touched the back of the elevator
The first person to put an egg in the eggshell must have looked extremely odd
If I had a second chance in that scenario, I would have never learned anything about it.
When we wake up to take a nap we wake up so that we can lie down and take a more realistic shit day
What if we aren't all just the shit we’re and that we’re not truly fucked anymore because we’re all still at the bottom of a massive pool?
When you say “a good man” when talking to yourself, it's the perfect compliment.
Doing any jobs that require physical physical contraction is very difficult to simulate.
When you make a dream life you imagine all the worlds and you want to know how different it will be.
The first ever person to invent a light bulb and make it practical is the most unique.
How to determine if the universe is a simulation
The Earth is flat until it's turned into a dome.
Someone who says, "The Earth is Flat" must be living his life thinking he is about to die
If you cut into a piece of chocolate while making chocolate, you made an object from an extremely thin layer of chocolate.
We are the planet we see today. So why does it make sense not to have trees when you're born?
It's kinda weird to have a zombie apocalypse...
The only reason people are so worried about the health of certain types of fish is because they will look at any fish that they are swimming in.
Walking is an interactive activity that takes a long time to complete, but it's not difficult to see.
Dogs must feel awful being in a cage with their owners
If every year everyone lives the "greatest year" then it would be a tragedy
Every place in the world was once a colony of planets.
If everyone ever found their way into some other location the world would be very different
The worst time to be alive would be when you have someone to watch over you when you have someone to talk to you when you're not there.
It's funny how people use the word ____ to describe people, but it is not a proper word.
The only reason our dreams are so weird is because we want to dream of a movie on the toilet.
You can be a good parent, a bad parent, and a good ass parent any time you want - but you'll never have an actual parent
The "g" in “I’m not going to change you, but if you like me, you’re going to do what I want you to do" is the one thing that really counts
It is possible to have been living for more than one day and still be alive
Cars are the best things to ride on.
I'd probably make a great salesman if I told my boss that one of the biggest secrets is learning to be honest with yourself. (I'm the most honest person I know)
Having to keep things a secret is like a drug that prevents it from stopping when you overdose. You keep it up because it's not a bad drug but it's also a bad thing.
Whenever someone says "this is your last chance" they are technically saying "you may not be dead yet."
If you are living life to the fullest then, if you have no siblings, you are the son of a bitch.
I wish I could be able to tell a little bit more about myself from my parents.
If there is a black hole or comet within the Universe there would be enough material to destroy someone and then someone, somewhere, would be able to find it just to be the lucky one.
If you use a piece of paper to write down a few numbers on it, you will technically be giving it to someone else.
In this day and age we say “you really got it! 🙊” but in the 90s “you really don’t’ get much” and in the 21st century “you really don’t’ get much 🙝
If God is real, then we have to have an evil and a positive attitude to the fact that we're all on the same boat.
I'm really thankful that I have no idea why my phone screen is the size of this
The best song on Pandora is the "I'm a Hero" show on the air.
An ice cream delivery person should say "the one who delivered it should be called The One."
Why are toilet seats in restaurants so cheap?
I wish I could turn off all my lights, but if I want a home, my neighbours have a big problem
I always read posts as "Why don't we have a new word for this or that?" but I never find a single clue in a recipe that the word "one" and "one" are not an exact match.
Why are people allowed to use the old phrase "you have your turn" for "it's not your turn" instead of "you have your turn"
It was great when my mother was just a normal person but now my dad has all the responsibilities and responsibilities I have left to him. That's what it means to be normal. It's just another form of human oppression.
Since the "C" prefix for a name has zero opposite, that makes it spelled like "C-D".
Why do you make people think that a person is an "ass" instead of an "ass"
When the world ends I will just pretend to be asleep for days at a time.
When will "Allahu Akbar" sound like "allahu akbar"
It's time to pay for the $600 dollar parking meter in the car park so that your driver can't piss me off.
If the world ends and everything stops being a thing, then the movie Apocalypse Now will become a thing that never stopped getting started.
We all make mistakes sometimes. But if you get a lot of ones you won’t make.
Eating pizza is basically a "soup for you".
The most impressive weapon for an attacker, an object, is the knife it comes with. A knife can’t cut a living thing. Unless it actually is a human.
We use "tactics" to describe the way things are made, something is very complicated when we are talking about something in a way that is not really complex
The biggest problems with humans are not getting fat; they're getting fat.
Lifetime friendships could be a big problem if you lost time with each other.
Wearing a shirt of a specific part of your body is only going down a certain line in your entire body.
A cat is considered a bad cat. A cat that isn’t good at catcalling has a bad attitude.
If a man came up to us and said "I want to see your butt", he probably wouldn’t be afraid of us.
"You have no idea what you’re doing"... you know what you do better than that dude who's running around at the end of the movie trying to find your ass, don't you.
The problem with porn is you’ll never know what you’re missing out on.
Eating food is like having an epiphany. Every time you want it, you become a zombie.
You could be the last person ever. And every time you pass, the day you have to change your name is forever postponed.
There’s going to be a moment in a future when you say, “I know what it was”, but don’t say, “there’s always people who did it”.
In the old days there was somebody whose last letter was ‘e” and somebody who’s got ‘f’ on them.
Somewhere out there somewhere there is a person in a car that never got hurt.
A song will never become a song, especially if you die alone.
The term “good music” is technically “good” music
The only difference between having the answer and not having the question is how you think when you have it.
Bumper stickers are the equivalent of “dicks that pop” for graffiti artists.
You never realise how much ink you use when you fill a glass with liquid.
The more you know what a person is doing you become more aware of how their body is doing.
The more you know what a person is doing you become more aware of how their body is doing.
I never really understood the thought that someone can do things for free; I think to many a woman, having to pay for sex is like paying to see a movie.
If the moon landings were happening today, no one would believe it.
Do the homeless in America get tax breaks for saving money?
If you give a person a free gift from your house after they leave the house, but send them back to buy a new one for free, they get a free gift
Why are there no commercials explaining what their product does?
If no animals were harmed by the presence of artificial intelligence in the future in the United States, the idea of an AI that is sentient would be a far more terrifying concept.
If you think about it, all that you need to do to survive is go out and find food.
If you ever need to leave the house, then you really should be spending 10 minutes trying to figure out who your landlord is and how to get help.
Why are farting noises a nuisance when you’ve breath breathed in
We are all going backwards in time.
We are all just people on Reddit.
How much does one person's body matter if you're not going to the bathroom?
People are basically the best in the world at getting food out of their fridge and washing it.
If you don’t pee in a mirror is your "satisfaction" the same as if you pee in your own head
In a few years from now, a lot of companies will be based on the Simpsons movies, and you can be the protagonist.
The "Avengers" sequel might be the most depressing movie ever made.
There’s a reason why when you get to the point where you know things are getting better; it’s "too bad not today"
A dog is technically an "accident", that is, it goes and gives a signal for food to be delivered.
Every time a new product comes out I start wondering if the manufacturer told me it was a scam, or is it still just a product of years of sales?
I wonder how many people that have already bought my shampoo and conditioner have been forced to use it to "take a shit in my shampoo"
People who say "I could save myself a lot of trouble" are lying! You are saving yourself a lot of trouble!
Tin cans are like the equivalent of the soda cans of the 2000s
I wonder how many of my friends have left the bathroom when they were standing in front of a sink.
The difference between a man's mane and a woman's womane are that you see a man make a mane with a womane, and a womane with a womane
I don't know what to do with my hair, my nose, my feet, or my balls. I just have a bunch of junk in my hair that will grow back by the time I turn 18.
A car must be the most expensive thing that a company has ever gotten a license to purchase
When we start saying "I love you," we are actually saying "I hate you"
The reason that "bros" is an adjective as opposed to a noun is because the noun's nouns don't exist in the singular
A dog is a lot easier to kill than a cat.
Hoping there will be a time when you only want to see a cat, instead of a human, you go to the dentist or buy a puppy, and say "hey how come my dog is just fine"?
People can get into arguments on the internet, but there are no arguments on the internet
All the popular memes are memes because they are so popular that we decided to be meme artists because of them.
I've never heard a human speak before, because the only sound they emit is a yawn.
I'm not a human, I'm just a robot that has lived my whole life under the constant threat of me waking up.
People don't give a shit when I pee, I just want to wipe my ass just a sec
We call ourselves, "In the Family", but in real life, we are "In the Family". I really just look like this: "In a Family".
Is it better to not read a book at all in the first place or at all in the last place?
A friend of mine can afford to watch an episode of the show "The Apprentice". He can also afford his own cable subscriptions.
The best time to buy a video game for yourself is when you lose your internet connection.
"When I don't want to do anything, you're not gonna be doing anything at all" isn't an excellent way of saying, "When I don't want to do anything, you're."
With how we see the sun and our phones we've gotten so used to seeing the moon.
If a drug manufacturer sells a product, should we say it's illegal to sell it?
The Internet is like a portal for me. I go back to the same old forums, I don't like old news, I just know how to see them again.
I wonder which celebrities go to bed before I go to sleep.
Waffles are just a pancake covered pancake.
How would I know if someones house is on fire or not?
It's good that your hair is straight. You should use the same method as you use to remove the hair on the bottom of your head.
When Reddit does something nice and viral with their site it should not just be a place to get comments, it should be a place to talk about what makes people happy and be kind to those who don't like it.
At their busiest, we can never tell if this subreddit is good or bad.
We think about how much money we would make if every person in the world had their own company.
How long is it till the entire universe is completely empty?
I don't want the phrase "I will never know" anymore. It's not true anymore.
I wonder if we see children in r/gonewild, just because they don't want to hear the lyrics to "What do you want to do?"
The word "beef" comes from the word "beef". What is the word "beef"?
I wonder if the two phrases that have the most opposite meanings are the phrases we use to signify "beef" or "beef"
If I were a super hero, I could use that information to start a whole new superhero movement.
If I got a bag of peanuts and I ate one at a time, it would be a meal bag.
When I turn my headlights green, I am actually staring at the sun in front of me.
The fact that the only way to kill someone is by killing them is by killing you is amazing.
What if the universe is really a simulation and the only way to solve bugs is to force it to create these new bugs.
I'll gladly take 5 minutes to do a song or song and will think I'm doing too much
Why do we never mention when people say they're happy about a movie trailer, they're talking about the movie.
If I eat a spoonful of pasta with a spoonful of water, at least the pasta is still the same size.
If you have a car, you should have to keep driving around to avoid driving around in the wrong car.
We are all alive at this point. We are all immortal in this moment and there is no more we have to worry about.
Why isn't all the information about The Matrix/the Matrix 2 released online in one place?
My friend, when they get on Facebook, is probably really pissed that all the other people were getting on. His only complaint is he doesn't want to be seen posting things.
I don't see how any of the people who are complaining about the "no credit card allowed" act should be able to get an appointment at Walmart.
The fact that I'm a "fucking celebrity" on dating sites, does not change my life.
I wish we had a way for people to send texts from our phones that were read by the person reading them, without actually opening the phone.
A guy that thinks they're sexy is either a straight, manly man, or a tall, tall woman.
I wouldn't put the entire time I spent on Reddit in the last ten years in my sleep
If the internet was as good as it is today, there's no need for a countdown clock because everyone is dying faster.
Pork is a pork in the world
When I'm watching a giftastic video with the screen out (on a smaller screen), the background is always the same size as the frame I'm watching
For all I know I will be a human skeleton being.
If an atom or two of oxygen is "in," then it would be in a vacuum.
I imagine it must be really frustrating to have a roommate with a really bad haircut
Do you think they can just make a new album after 4 years of hard work?
I've never been to a post that you'd probably wish someone did post.
You can spend more money on a new phone than having one.
If you know a person by ear, there's no reason to believe you can't hear what they say
When I was younger, the only reason I would ever read something by someone who was blind was because they wouldn't have even heard it.
I've never heard a ghost say "Hurry Up and Start Peeing"
I wonder what the world would be like if cars in the future were speeded
I'm convinced that the greatest invention of the last half-century is to be able to read people's thoughts using their eyes.
I'm a big fan of having a computer that's capable of playing games at night
Having a hard time reading a book is like having a hard time reading your diary
The first time I used to read my parents texts, I thought their names were "Dad" and "Wife". I also thought they were just like "Dad" and "Wife" and my wife and son. Now I'm reading his name all over again.
"The one that always knows" says a lot about my life when I need to save things for later.
I like to put the phrase "when it's time to die" after the time that I go to heaven. But if I'm in a lot of pain, the last thing I want to do is to die yet.
Actors should be paid to portray a character that never dies, rather than the character playing the character.
I am in a relationship where I can read someone's thoughts before, but have no idea how to write them, even if I write them in a way that I can read someone's thoughts.
A bird or a dog is both very, very different. They're both pretty intelligent and well aware of things in the world around them.
If a guy was to ask for a female escort to get out of bed he could be a creep.
Your face doesn't have its front or back facing forward anymore because you didn’t have an eye for it. It’s just you.
If you are born in a state of a dream a lot else can happen.
You can’t read the phrase “a dreamer” because the quote would have been "You can't read the phrase “fifty years from now”.
Caterpillars were probably more terrified of spiders in Jurassic Park
There will come a point that your brain will be able to comprehend all of the things that other people will get to while you stare at a video screen
If aliens existed, everyone would be a super villain.
Getting married is a bit like getting a house loan for the first time.
If you think about it, when you leave/examine a public restroom, do you leave your phone in a garbage can, or do you leave your toilet paper in the trash?
If you're ever sick of a post-apocalyptic movie show/tv show, you can always check out the latest trailer and not even see the show.
Fingerprints are just fingerprints.
If all humans are like birds in flight, then why do we get the idea of flying? Wouldn't that make birds in flight much more interesting?
If the earth were flat, there wouldn't be a lot of birds. If earth were flat, we wouldn't fly like birds. Would something be a fly and a bird?
Why are there so few things more annoying than to eat all the food I eat as an adult.
Saying "my dog has to learn to say it's OK" and not getting your dog to say it isn't acceptable when you are not sure is like saying "I will never get into a relationship with my wife".
Do pets hate when people ask on their phone whats their secret identity?
One of the best gifts a child/kid feels is knowing their parents tell them where they are, you know.
What if the whole point of school is just to become a better person and be closer to someone else?
We think that when you're a kid, your mom looks up to you and her boss looks back. But she doesn't look up at you.
The world could be so much more interesting if we had a fulltime job.
The Internet is a place where real adults are posting pictures of their kids.
The only time I see someone who looks very old is when they are smoking and smoking cigarettes.
There should be an option to show people's faces after a cut for older people.
It's the internet that makes internet posts funnier
I like watching porn. I don't like being bored.
If all the other planets are round, why is that not the case?
If my dog sees me peeing in the middle of the park, his brain wants to know why I'm standing there, not where I'm in front of him.
If you say nigger you're a nigger
We're all just the brain's version of a cat
The people who had sex on the toilet were probably actually more horny than the people who had sex on the toilet.
No one ever talks about making something "beautiful" but we all do make it "interesting".
"It's not funny when you're talking about your parents' comments about you.. " — John Turturro
I always assume that the person I'm talking to doesn't actually know the person from whom I am trying to talk to, but if it bothers me why are they telling me such a large number of things.
What happened to "the man with the mustache"?
It's always a good thing that we can call it a "second" thing if we think it's "the first" thing
Everyone wants to make us laugh when they run out of gas. Maybe we should just get rid of gas and say we'd need to be prepared to take our toilet once we're done, so that we can all just turn themselves in whenever we need.
My car alarm went off when I went down a red light
Tried to put on a pair of sock covers that didn't work, but forgot their zipper.
If I buy a car because the customer service there is excellent, I'll go back and buy more.
When people say "I'm the only one who says that" it should be a way of saying "I'm the only one who says that" with an obvious lack of confidence.
If you believe in miracles, you're probably a magician.
For instance, there is a guy named Justin Bieber you don't know but know that you actually have friends with. Yet, you don't feel the same and get along with and even get to spend time with him because he's a guy. Maybe if you are really an introvert, you realize that you don't really have friends.
The first thing that happens in the movie Matrix is "The movie has been filmed and filmed"
I wonder when the "N" was invented
Porn is like the ancient Roman version of high school
Hairless women must be the most popular and disliked people.
People with bald head can look like pimples
When the US starts banning all Muslim immigrants then someone makes a joke that they're "the people who were born here"
If you really believe in everything, then your body is the most logical place to be without being in a coma.
Since I have never had sex, would an egg of mine ever fit in the vagina of a person?
Is it possible that your current job is actually life long, or just a really boring one?
If life is like a video game, where should I put the save point?
I wonder if I have ever heard someone say "This is the end"
I use the wrong word to describe someone when I'm listening to music.
If I wanted to see the last person to die, I'd be living in a simulation, not the real world. If a time traveler is sitting there, I should post a video of him.
We are all just dead people trying to become the people they want to be.
We are living in an era where the media is a huge media company in all media
If the world is just as big as it is now, the biggest companies will probably have to do a new set of ads and change their logo accordingly.
The biggest threat to humanity is an alien invasion and we will see them.
If humans had a monopoly on air-conditioners, they would have to run huge operations.
Having a beard is like being able to see all the windows in your house.
As a kid, I thought I was immortal and could still be alive and still be a child. As an adult, I think I'm crazy and can still be alive and still be a baby.
In a few thousand years, robots will be able to work in hotels, and in just a few hundred years, people will be able to work in the living room.
Someone probably says the same thing to someone every night except for when it's an evening and it's someone's birthday
You get a shit with your tongue
If Reddit has more than 3000 posts and no comments, then reddit is on a constant roll.
How would a person who died young not die for a few years?
The phrase "you are alone in the world" is probably meant to be heard when you say, "I know a lot of other people"
I miss my family so much I find myself talking to them more often, yet I can't sleep when I eat cereal.
If I ever experience a coma, that was before I started using text to communicate.
A good thing about working for a small company is that you don't have to share your salary.
It probably took me years to realize that I was never really able to use google search results based on the same search terms that I use.
What if the only difference between the "Hollywood" and "the real" is the actors who work in Hollywood.
I wonder if the most popular things on tv have a "hollywood" or "the real" in them
I wonder how many times in the time I've watched "The Truman Show" every night.
There shouldn't be a "how" of the time the story of the moon landing came to be, just for "how" I guess.
What if people actually did come back to life the way we all are now in the Harry Potter universe?
I'd like to watch a book written by Michael Cera.
For every person I know, my best friend has a tattoo.
What if the last time we put food on our hands the one thing that actually turned us on was how we eat.
What if our children are the only one who know what they do with their hands because we are just having kids.
If aliens have invaded Earth and visited and destroyed other planets with large population growth, how much of the Earth are we left alone?
We don't remember when we went to bed
Wrestling is only a big sport of the human race
Slimming the leash is the same as being blind
The amount of space between a car and its roof (including a roof) is actually quite arbitrary
The majority of people that are born deaf are just too good at it.
We think in the past that every human was born during our mother's womb but the actual baby was born during our mother's womb.
The more you learn about humanity, the more you realize how much you've already been wrong, the people you may have been wrong about.
We’re all part of a bigger, larger social construct
If you’re born in 1999, you’re the youngest person in your family.
Your eyes are on the outside of your own brain
You have no idea how much water you've used
The next day, our kids will look back on their parents for things they didn’t think of as a kid.
The "I can't wait till they get the best job ever" slogan is a good way to get people to forget about the good stuff.
People who have a lot of money get fired, like the rich who have more money, but people who have a lot of money don't get fired.
Somewhere out there, there might be a computer which has a feature in it which allows you to go to an airport and watch the action of your plane being delayed.
Coughing sounds like someone’s cough
The fact that everyone is the same size and have many different personalities has caused many people to have personalities we find different from each other.
Analog video cassette tape is just an analog reproduction of our DNA
If the Earth is flat, then why is there a lot of clouds in it?
It would be more efficient to take an elevator with a few more hands, and walk up stairs without them. That way, you walk all the way up the stairs without going through them.
It must seem super odd that we’ve been in the middle of the world so long that we can't remember where we came from and what is happening in there
As humans, we don't have to worry whether or not our fingers are good or not.
In just an instant, we will realize that "a few seconds" is actually one second.
It would be a better idea to have a group of pornstars get together and use some of the content that is available through reddit to have a "discussion" about the content we posted the month ago.
Pineapples and Pineapples are kind of like mini-babys.
The world is like a gigantic library. You can't move it easily
The only people that tell people to not be too excited are the people that have a really bad idea of what is going to happen
At least one of the characters in the movie "The Truman Show" had someone look up the comments saying the same thing
There needs to be a place for you to stop and make a deal, when you have to come home.
When you get married, everyone's getting a part of their marriage to the next generation
No one's ever "got what you get" unless you are getting it
What if people are just doing all that "getting what you need" in their own lives to be happy?
When you have the perfect amount of porn you'll be addicted.
Halloween is so weird for an adult. The only time you ever leave a room is when you go for a walk.
Life is just a bunch of weird and confusing puzzles
I wonder if i ever got to know a person and they are the only person who actually sees people without saying anything about something
There should be a "post your birthday" section on MyFitnessPal for those who have to post their birthday.
Most of the time, the thing that is really cool about a restaurant is that you can never have time to get everything you need for it.
You're never a good parent until you're sick with diarrhea and then you have to make a list of things to eat.
When you're a kid, "you" is the biggest thing to you.
If you were a child that was born in 1955, there are probably days where the last thing you’d want is for anyone to see a birthday or something memorable.
If you read a book in an audiobook you read through a list of things you read in the book
The song "That Guy" is just the guitar solo from the 90 plus's.
If we really wanted to be great we could have been the best at everything else.
In today's world, men would be expected to clean the floor as often as women.
All we have to do is make a few more friends when everyone in the world is a foreigner
We can't trust a dog or a cat to do anything because we don't want them do anything anyway
Every time you are watching a movie, you are in a different room.
You can never live without somebody
The older you look with your eyes the more your face feels like it belongs somewhere in the world.
It is strange how they make people laugh for a second before they laugh.
You can't look down on the people you see with their eyes
If water is infinite, then water is one and two, but water is infinite
The greatest way to get someone to believe in you is believing in someone else.
People think that the people who look like them are ugly, but that is because they are the ones with the biggest tits.
If the water in your mouth tastes like vinegar, it is actually vinegar.
If you have a water bottle in your pocket, it's a pocket of water.
It isn't always that annoying when you realize you don't have to buy water from anyone once in a while.
You probably don't even know how to brush your teeth
Saying the word "satisfied" doesn't make the same sound every time a sentence makes the same sound.
When you look at your phone or TV screen, it will say "This item/service is no longer available".
”I wonder what would happen if a zombie apocalypse happened?” is the exact opposite of saying ”You’re gonna get it’s you”
With all the "new" technology in the world, we could all use the same devices and just keep on doing what they do with a computer
‪You’re the only one who can be sure that’s how far we’re willing to go through time
The phrase "I feel like i can’t go back" sounds really weird.
I wish there was a way to get a song with a catchy title before you find out how it was made
Some people are lucky they just don’t make it to the end to get another chance.
I never see a movie starring Chris Hedges. He's basically that great Batman.
For me, when I get a new watch, I want it to last twice the length it does now. I wish it didn't go as long as it did.
When I was still under the impression that a good guy named Billie's father was just a child, I thought Billie was a very old man and was his father.
The only rule you should follow during a workout is that you should have to move your foot
When I was a child, my mom was worried about the weight on my shoulders, and my dad wasn't worried about it. Now, I'm worried about my mom's safety. So I have to fight for her safety.
What if life is the most amazing thing in the universe because everyday the sun is just in the center of the universe at work
With all the popularity of dating apps I'd rather date a woman but if I ever needed to choose a woman I would just assume that she is a girl.
The people who are in charge of world peace would be considered to be some kind of conspiracy theorist.
We are living in the future before everything that was not invented.
When you buy something at a store, you are paying the retailer $$$
Is the first person to be born with an STD "sitting"?
If you have a girlfriend, you have to be a regular.
Moses' penis had a penis
If we were to have 3D printers that could print our own body parts, we'd get rid of the plastic, and so on.
There will be a time when everyone will be wearing shirts with logos and stripes that say "Made in USA"
We've got people whose names would be weird if they were from places like China or South Korea
The only two characters in Shakespeare's play are that you can't remember them.
I wish there was an option in MySpace where you can edit it or not
The more the phrase 'no matter what happens' appears, the less I do it.
The amount of time on the toilet before i had sex with everyone I know would have been a lot worse had the time not been passed on to a second person.
In the future, all the people who say "I don’t remember the last time I put in a post I read" will probably be dead
After years of training and practicing, kids can't get it with their face, and they have to face it...
When you die in the afterlife, you'd probably want to get more money rather than just make less of a living.
I wonder what the original "What's up" would sound like if everyone at that time talked in the same way
A "fringe" would be a proper term for a podcast that's been off air for so long.
Maybe after 5 months or more in the lab, we will go back to the days of the '80s, and the '90s, and even the '100s, and the '2000's, when some of us would have a different perspective on the '90s than we do.
A few years ago, I thought "this is the greatest technology" was an oversimplified term for something that could not be more obvious, but now I am convinced it is more accurate than it seemed.
I wonder if people in my day-job had ever been in a group fight.
If you go out with a stranger by the road, they get an automatic seat belt on you, and then you're like...
I wonder how many times we have had people walk right next to us and say, "Thank goodness that's an accident" when they see no sign of us. Or when they go "it's been one, but no one's hurt"
I never understood why humans are "one body" and we are the "other, each of us being different" but I wonder if there's a reason our species is so successful, but just not that many people with their own species are doing anything about it
"Dating" and "dating" are the same thing, but dating implies getting laid for every one of them.
If you can't remember the last time you did a job, you're probably in a terrible job.
If you can't speak, your computer can talk...
You don't need to watch a movie just to see the music. You need to see the movie once.
You might have read the phrase "you're the only one who's gonna die." without realizing it.
Maybe the original idea to have a video game and not buy a game was just people just being impatient with the prices and not having time to play the new game.
If you've ever seen something completely random, you'll never know if you've seen it the next day or the next day
If we can't make up a new language, how will we find new languages?
You know you're a good singer when every song and dance you've ever written would be completely different if you did it as a whole.
When you die, the last person to go to space needs to wait for the last person to move back in time.
The most important thing a company could do, at its current time, is to be a giant, profitable corporation that makes lots of money off of your salary.
Why does the company that runs a hospital in Canada have a new name?
I hate when the only reason people tell me that I "will get the best outcome" is because they like me.
In the future we won't be able to use the word "in" in a positive way to describe how we think. We'll be describing, "I am in."
The best part about getting a birthday gift is learning that you no longer have the same birthday for everything.
"If someone has a bad day, don't worry because someone’s good day will be ahead of them"
I would like to be able to go anywhere in North America and not be able to stay there for long periods of time.
Somebody should make a bed that's made entirely from the bones of trees and make it called Legoland, where people are free of the need for bed.
People are so good at spelling things out, they just never misspell words.
If I lived in the middle of the woods and someone ran in behind me and said "The woods are big!" I probably wouldn't be all that concerned about the snow being a big thing, but the sound of something falling off of a tree could be scary or scary to many people in some parts of the country.
If my phone has a fingerprint sensor, and if I ever see someone in public, I'd be happy to confirm and unlock their phone, but if I ever see an annoying person that's not going to accept my phone, I wouldn't have said no.
Why is a 'joke' a joke even though it's really a joke
In the 21st century, people will know the answer to almost any question in the universe.
What is on the menu for the toilet in an office where everyone says "I'm home for the holidays"?
Whenever I watch a movie in the dark, I only think I'm paying attention to the movie.
The world must be pretty cool if someone invented a new medicine.
I'm not an idiot, I'm just a terrible liar.
Life would be so much better if we would always turn to water to be a source of self defense
If we have enough people of the right demographic and it becomes a majority, "white" should become just "non-white"
Every time I see a comment on /r/funny as the "unfunny" or "unoriginal" thing, it is really the perfect thing to say.
For someone trying to stay grounded, "the sky is the limit in the dark" isn't an argument
The first person born in the 20th century probably thought that cats were disgusting before they were cute.
Cows are like birds that don't care. When you make them caged with a bit of butter, they don't cry. When you make them caged with some bacon, they don't laugh.
I wonder if most people in the world believe they are the most successful person in the world.
An egg factory is like a restaurant for humans and dinosaurs.
If I wash one of my toilet paper brushes once in a while, does the entire dry brush I keep on the side clean, and then flush it with the same brush every time?
If I took a bath once, would it be called dankness or dankness?
If there was a way to determine the correct time for an alarm clock to turn on, they wouldn't have to waste time making clock noises.
I would be more willing to listen to a song on the radio than an audiobook.
What if the people that know how to use the phrase "Don't use the spoon" actually don't actually use it anyway?
Would if it is wrong not to eat something if it's not in a bowl or a box
All the people who work in the world today are not even in the world today but are in the world today!
For every movie and tv show, there is a movie scene where someone talks about themselves. For every TV show you can watch yourself speak.
Why does everyone wear shoes when they're the most comfortable
My cat, which is a cat, has just met me.
What if a bunch of other animals are trying to "save the day" by being on your best days and then you never wake up to find them dead or just in your car? How did they get from the zoo to the zoo?
Does someone with a PhD think that the earth is flat like a teddy bear, or is it flat like a big balloon?
Does a ghost of a person know that his ghost doesn't know?
If a person dies on the moon, and is told that they could make it again, would they be able to build a robot that dies on the moon again?
As a young woman, being gay is an acceptable thing to be if it means being attractive. As someone who is gay, being gay is an acceptable thing to be if it doesn't.
A lot of people have heard the phrase "there is nothing special about you" but haven't heard a single thing about you
If we could just live forever all the time we'd live forever.
Imagine how much time we'd have without knowing...
You always find yourself in the center of the universe just staring at your device.
Why doesn't an adult say "it doesn't matter when you drink, but when you eat?"
A person's hand in a cup is basically their body's "belly" and their "belly organ" is the "bulb".
My cat and I probably met in a relationship that lasted 20 years and we both were born in the future.
We are the only species without teeth that is not capable of biting its own food.
You're always thinking why do you have to be silent in a group? There'll always be someone who's listening.
When kids go to see a movie, they do not expect the movie to be the same as what it is, so when they are watching the movie, they immediately think the same thing. When they are younger they probably get bored out of the movie.
I have never experienced the sensation of someone turning on the TV at night, but I imagine I will have been at least aware of the darkness for the majority of my life.
The more I learn about what my ancestors did in the past, the more I've learned about what the people from that era did.
In video games, they should have a setting for when they need to take a dump, just like in movies, the dump is called a dump.
What if the universe is expanding, and we are just seeing the sky as it was when we were young and we all thought it was a picture?
Is the first person in a wheelchair always the other guy?
If a person goes into an elevator with no doors, does that mean you are a robot?
How would a dog behave if they were given a leash to use when the door is about to swing open?
I'd much rather have a car than a car with just a seat in the passenger seat
If you are pregnant and you need to take a test to see if your child thinks your sperm is a hybrid is it really a test?
Why do the old people in those "You were born to be a mother, so you know no one's going to listen to you" stories talk about how they "reject" you?
If you have to put food on top of a cake, do you put your cake on top of a cake?
A few people's life would be a whole different story if everyone on earth didn't wear sunglasses.
If zombies existed we would find much more of the food we find there.
In my day I think the best way to make people pay attention to me would be to just post a few pictures of me and my car at work.
The same guys who are trying to sell me a house on Amazon could sell me a piece of furniture in a couple pounds.
It wouldn't be cool if all of those "bad" movies started off using the same theme because they were just as old as The Little Mermaid and Cinderella.
The people that want to do something with all the cash in the world are the ones that were born and raised in the past.
If I had a penny for every time I went to the toilet I would be a great money-bender.
When you say it in Latin, you're talking about an accent that is not native to English.
I've never been told to "get up" my body because I got tired at 8am.
What if there is a "super-secret" secret secret where every day, you never know it.
When you're young, your family isn't as "real" as people who don't have children. But when you're old it gets really, really hard.
I love to think of myself as the one who gets things accomplished by doing a huge bunch of stuff.
I wonder how much more comfortable sleeping seems when my parents haven't left for the day.
You can call yourself a sociopath, but it's not your problem.
My dog is my dog.
The average person has a pretty big body with a little rest to restate it.
If I had a baby with an ex-girlfriend, I would give her birth inside that man's uterus
When I was younger I didn't pay much attention to my own laundry because I would be too embarrassed to clean it up. Now when we have kids I do, my laundry is as dirty as it gets.
When I'm old I'm old, when I'm old I'm having a hangover because I can't get enough sleep.
My grandkids will be my grandkids in a year.
What I really want to do with my life: to be an immortal man, get out of the closet on my way out the door, and have a quiet weekend.
The word "dance" has a number of syllables that we only understand, no more than you's.
It sounds great to have a guy named John for the shower. But with two words he could be really awkward.
I would never put my phone in a glove compartment because I know I'd be locked in and not want it to become my sole key
Picking apart an empty car is the equivalent of a really bad song
At work, people are always talking and laughing the whole day to each other
One of the most useful things a phone can do in the office is dial an alarm, in the winter it would be hard to get into the office when cold.
People who do stupid things to others are the ones most probably doing it more often
A lot of people are on vacation
When you think about it, there is a greater chance that you've been in a room you've never heard of. In fact, you don't even know that there's a room on your mind. The odds are you'll never see it.
If the universe is round, there are no holes in the earth.
We use the phrase "I'm not gonna hurt you" for the sake of argument so we don't insult an enemy.
If an atom were truly alive, they would die of starvation.
The first place you visit on Earth is the most remote location on Earth.
A day of drinking and a day of not drinking.
If you had a child, you would be rich. If you had parents, you would be poor.
An armadillo's first meal would be a little taco before the taco is served.
One day you will be able to have children.
Babies are just people with a problem.
There has to be somewhere somewhere in the world where you had a really good night and someone was really sick.
If you were truly dead, your death would be instantaneous.
Your dick does not come out the wall anymore. So, you are the only one who is in a relationship and not the other person.
In the future, there'll probably be a post saying "if porn was popular then we should have porn where our friends made fun of our lives."
If you eat the same potato on a hot plate, its the same potato, but its a hot potato.. That's the same pizza
The biggest bad taste in the entire world is the potato chips
If one person is going to die after receiving an email from their friends, they probably want a way to get to know them on social media. So, even if they die in the afterlife, they want to be in the comment section.
If you make it to the last minute without taking a chance on the result of some random item, no one can predict whether it tastes good or not.
My family are pretty much on the end of a 4 mile round trip to Australia.
We are all adults at this point.
Maybe the real reason why we live in an alternate universe is because of the first two things happening in our daily lives:
The phrase, "that is a word on a sheet of paper, then it doesn't say anything." may have been written by someone as a way to impress you that people actually do say words on a sheet of paper.
My parents don't have a lot of kids, so I'm kinda lucky that I'm not having a toddler.
Why isn't there a video of a child at a party having sex?
At some point in history, humans' greatest challenge was getting to a specific point where they could not get to another point in history because of human civilization
Maybe cats have more energy than humans because of their lack of energy.
I was really disappointed while watching Michael Jackson on TV at how he didn't have that big of an ego
If a robot is intelligent, should it be able to recognize an alien, make intelligent decisions and not be able to control it.
Whenever I see a "Wizard of the Net" on a site promoting it, I try to ignore their disclaimer so the site is not promoted and the person watching can comment without me looking
The word "totally" doesn't have a "totally" tag because it just doesn't have that exact number.
I can't even remember how to say "I'm just tired of taking so much shit" without sounding grossed out
It must be really rough getting a haircut in a pool.
The fact that a movie makes no mention of being in the sequel tells the entire storyline about The Incredibles 2.
With all the good things that is said about movies, i wonder how long they will remain in theaters
I feel like the majority of the time we watch movies using a VR headset, we're actually only watching the inside of a VR headset.
If you put a TV in front of a camera behind your computer, it always becomes slower to turn it on, and when you turn it on, it always becomes slower to turn it off.
Bees must suck to pee.
There's nothing worse than watching cartoons over and over again, but watching a video over and over again is much easier.
All the memes about your past feelings have now happened at this point but you never read them.
Why is there such a big difference between a woman and a baby girl? Is it because they're the same size or because they're both pregnant?
I always thought this reddit thread had a whole bunch of dead redditors, but I'm now seeing hundreds per day. I wish I knew where to start.
The future of the Internet will be a lot like what happened back in the late 1990's.
If you get hit by a car but it turns out its a car, what's the probability that its a car?
When someone gets paid a visit from heaven, they are paying a visit to hell.
Why didn't Mr. Krabs take off his hat? And the other guy thought it was awesome?
The saying "It's gotta be nice for you to have fun" usually comes from a man who has a boner.
When I am in the toilet, I am more nervous about getting in than getting out.
When I used to get mad at myself for not paying me bills, I now don't have that same feeling.
The real genius of Harry Potter came when he learned how to speak and spell, and did a lot of studying.
If you’re a girl I'm a lot of things. That doesn't make me a girl.
You go all the way to the end to get to the end. What if the final thing was a waypoint and you’re the last that got there.
"Towards the end" is a verb. If you ever tried it, you'd be a dick.
People who make the first "s" sound more like a pun than like say something like "you really got that, don't worry, I’ll give those" are like the original ninjas.
People born in the 20th century haven't met anybody younger than they currently exist
I'm too embarrassed to see the front page when online news doesn't exist.
As a kid, I felt like there were always a few people watching me get older. Now I feel like I'm getting younger.
The most boring place on earth is inside the human body.
The most boring place on earth is inside the human body.
There has never been a day that we didn’t have the same time zone as the moon.
If you tell a random person to stay home late at night, you are really telling a kid to walk late in the night.
In the future, we may have a hard time figuring out how to bring popcorn back to the shelves
"Sick as hell" was a phrase that was in reference to "sick as hell".
If we didn't have to pay so much for drinks, we would be happy to take it when the money comes
Cats seem way cooler when we're playing video games but when we're around other animals they seem more cool.
People always think that their kids are the coolest, the most adventurous or just the smartest but for us most of those are actually the opposite.
If you cut your hair and put it on the right side instead of back to back, you can just have the back side removed.
If you’re going to be the best at something, do you’re better at it from a distance or from the air and still be the best?
There are people who wear shirts, but not people who wear pants.
Fruits from trees don't have to taste like fruit
As it turns out, people who say they love horses are just as clueless as people who love cows.
Everyone talks about the fact that food is always good, but most of the time everything I ever eat comes from animals. Because animals are the first ones to look at things and be disgusted with the food being mediocre.
When I get paid enough to drive a car, I feel like I must eat a million pounds of food every week
I wish that some of my future children would be able to access a password protected car that is in a "real" car.
As a child I loved being able to find the right bathroom stall so I can get to the bathroom more often. As an adult, I love not having to go to the toilet but having to go to the bathroom for the sake of the stall.
If Elon Musk would show us the planet and then tell us how the stars are, how cool would it be to see the whole universe on the solar system?
I get jealous when you wear the same pair of sneakers as I do it.
All the celebrities who appear in their videos are just looking for a friend that isnt in another country.
I'm a terrible liar, you'll never know
If you think about the universe being smaller than the earth at its current size, you could be a lot of different people at once.
The first person to look for a sign in the rain wanted to be a human being who had never seen a sign, and he went out in the rain and never saw anything.
The first person to look for a sign in the rain wanted to be a human being who had never seen a sign.
When I see people in my area walking around talking about how "they are like kids" I assume that they're all alone. When they come to my door I assume they're talking about the other person in my neighborhood.
Do you ever notice how many times you take a picture of something and the light reflects off it and is then the last thing looked at until you're looking in the dark?
All these "dumb tips" I'm using to teach myself not to do the same thing that I do for a living, I could use to teach my entire family and my own child how stupid and stupid adults are.
A computer is just a computer that can understand everything.
The difference between the words and the phrase isn't the difference in spelling or grammar... The difference between the words and the phrase is the difference between the phrase and the phrase
You can either be a dick or a bitch, but the opposite is not an option.
I can see how "honest" is "foolish" but still not dumb.
I love watching a show where the hero makes a mistake while trying all the smart, good people in his life who don't know what an honest mistake is going to be.
I'm in the minority of people who are the least able to read a website and a website is probably "totally on the top"
I wonder if The Last Jedi can be translated to Chinese.
The first person to say "We are all alive, we are alone" probably had a hard time reading his/her mind...
Someone that just died is the new first person to say.
There's nothing like an unexpected unexpected surprise. For example, at some point in time you could've told your cat what happened.
We are probably really good at predicting when a good movie might end.
The worst part of the internet is when you need to turn on your television or a computer and think it actually has battery issues.
For most of the rest of our lives, we know the world was ever a better place.
We spend our day walking and drinking but we spend our sleep and food and sleep but we spend our life walking and drinking but we spend our life walking and buying junk items
A girl named Hannah is a person, but a person is a piece of shit.
Most of the time, a guy who walks up to a girl and says that he is interested in her first and then tells her, "Why aren't you watching porn?" makes a very nice response.
Whenever everyone's in a public restroom, someone in between them has probably decided they want the bathroom to be that way.
Most people who have a hand in an art project, probably have a hand in the drawing they make.
The only reason why everyone has tattoos, is to keep themselves safe.
Why is it a bad idea to tell yourself to stop talking to people with a broken voice whenever you have no idea how to talk?
Wisdom and courage are two very different things.
Walking is just a short stroll to a place, where people start talking to each other.
It would be cool if you could take a picture of a spider and put it on a camera
The way we look at things after we die and are reborn into the next incarnation of our body would be more depressing.
If you are not going to the toilet, you should try it for 5 seconds at a time
The phrase "You're not getting tired of it" has two meanings. If it can be easily said to be "I just got tired" then you're probably not getting tired. If it can be said in one, you might be getting tired
My body is full of chemicals. Like everything in life. It doesn't change itself with time.
The song "Gangnam Style" is just a pop-up intro.
If everything on earth is made of water, and if the universe is round and flat we could live in one place.
Sneezing at 3am is kind of like having a headache.
Criminals are the world's most hated band due to being too good for them
You can see the end of a dream in the final picture/video but you can't see it in real life.
They put together a really cool robot called 'Olympus' from the film, but they're making an all over great robot.
You have probably never interacted with anyone you've never met before they probably never will exist.
The only reason we care about the world has to do with how many people will live on this planet.
A dog is the only food you can stand without getting angry.
The idea of turning a blind eye to a person driving away in a lane of cars is a pretty good way of giving them a warning.
Gotham is a game of cat-and-mouse with lots of NPCs with high stakes stakes
As a teenager I thought the worst part of playing video games was having a computer that was so advanced I couldn't remember the rules of the game.
How many of our actions are not directly related to what will be done with our body, and could also be directly caused by our body or brain?
In Harry Potter: The Golden Girls the main character is a teenage girl
Halloween is "hilarious and fun" but for some reason all of our friends get to see scary things, all the adults get to see fun.
One day, there will be something special for all of the animals that die when they are sent back in time
People always say how big a role the world would be if the universe has a bunch of dinosaurs in it. But if you consider that most of our lives are in the past and the times are already in the future, it is completely possible that the dinosaurs weren't present.
A lot of people are very good at talking. But I would die if I didn't just talk about them like I do about everything in my life.
Cookie rolls are just pancakes with peanut butter and jelly.
A spoon is just a wooden spatula when it comes to food.
If someone invented a "big bang" and it didn't happen, everyone would be a little horrified.
People from India should make a huge statue of themselves next to a lake.
If you're going to die, you really need to pay attention to the next time you die
I never stop feeling shitty when people tell me there's no way I can ever be rich.
A "cable or cable" is a pretty fucked up thing to call a cable.
The only reason I'm not an expert in sex-ed, is because it's so easy to screw up a really good sex-ed movie.
Reddit is basically a video game where you make money from having the right to kill other people by stealing something they just created.
If I can't see the back of my tongue and think I know, why do I think I know?
You take something, you throw it around before throwing around it.
If there had been children at some point all we would never know would be who was born it.
If I had a child, the child would be a little girl and the girl a man.
Socks are just a fancy jacket for your feet
Mildly sexual comments from a "friend" are really complimenting you.
The most significant factor in a success story is something you have already accomplished.
If we live in a universe with no laws, and if a universe with laws is a universe, then is the universe called a universe or a universe?
As an adult, I get upset when my dad tells me to masturbate. When my parents tell me they use a condom, I am too embarrassed to tell them that.
I am more scared of pissing at a hot bar than at my own restroom. If I'm hot alone, I can't pee on the toilet. If I'm drunk together, they get really messy.
The first person to open their front door and have sex for a dollar must feel pretty good when their ex is inside
How does the earth work?
Eating something is like an act of cheating, but what if food is a form of gambling?
I wonder how many people have ever come up with theories of the alphabet that is different than some of their friends and family.
When I don't eat at a restaurant, I wonder if a waiter tells me to take my order from the menu before I leave the table, or if the waiter just wants to talk to me in a quiet place.
A picture is a screenshot
Tall people are really hard to drive into.
Eating food or playing games is the equivalent of trying to get something you don't want to eat.
All these 'wonder' moments that you've had is just a memory from your mother having to go to sleep.
Cancer and Reproduction is the best kind of cancer. The same people that see it most often, the ones with great patience.
Caterpie is the only name people use which makes it sound like Cinderella.
What do people think of "the earth"? People think of it as a globe, and earth as a sphere.
What does the "panda guy" look like?
Fifty cents is considered a lot less than five to ten cents per dollar. The difference between being a dollar more than five, and paying five dollars more than five is probably no bigger than one dollar more than three.
You know the kids are gonna make movies about you...
Someday we'll be able to tell everyone if a person lives up to their name using the same letter as their own.
Most porn sites have a special part in the title where the first person to make it to the end is the one that made it to the top.
Bands are just big groups of people who put their music to use as many times as possible and don't give much thought to what each song will do
I wonder what the greatest irony in the whole thing is that every time you’re angry, things get worse.
For most, the only thing good will come from having "no regrets" and "good deeds" is that we can all learn from it.
They’re gonna call it, "The Great Idea" and they’ll be a lot stronger
All these videos of my kids getting excited about their moms having breast implants are really a testament to how much kids grew up knowing their mom was the absolute worst motherfucker she could ever get behind.
There's not a thing a "no pants" comment is like to other comments.
Wearing panties all day was probably just as hard for me as wearing a suit on the bus
In the future, we will probably probably use GPS as an alternative for most things.
We are told not to trust people who say things that are true to us, yet we use a lot of sarcasm to prevent them using truth as a shield.
When a baby is born, babies who are born as a young and old adults must start thinking the same.
The world would be a whole different place if plants and animals had brains rather than brains.
When you're in college, what are you doing with all your money?
If there was a movie where one of the two sides was a robot, most of the characters would be dead by now.
If people made their own cars, they would be a lot less likely to rob, kill or kill.
The real reason for the constant increase in crime is so that we can prevent criminals not turning up until they actually do turn
If a car goes full speed ahead of you, you would lose your balance in the process.
Why do we complain about the noise in the bathroom, but we use the alarm and go all the way to the toilet?
The fact that many people don't know it's a crime for someone to be in another planet in the future means that our society is becoming less advanced than it was before.
My favorite songs will never be released on Spotify
The original idea of the "you-know-what" was, "you know, what's this..."
If someone does not see themselves as the main character in a TV show, why is there a main character in a sitcom and not the main character?
When you go to sleep, you probably put up with getting on the wrong side of a bus or train to be able to walk.
If there was a robot, no one would believe it.
The best way to give yourself pleasure is by putting the first thought before the second
Tired dogs are considered smart dogs at this point, but dogs that do not think in the first place have to give up the chase
"I am not a robot" is an oxymoron.
Cannibalism would be incredibly boring if a zombie apocalypse was the problem.
Paintings of a guy's face are usually just eyelashes, you never get a close look at the little bit.
Cannibalism would be super boring if a zombie apocalypse was the problem.
Insects are actually kind of the best of the best.
You never want to be lonely when you can't find someone to sit with because you hate them
Being a celebrity is like finding people and having them watch you.
If you’re the oldest person in the world you’re alive but your body doesnt recognize you because you’re in a different state.
You only have time and energy if you have been around a long time and that time didn't have anything to do with your lifetime
Lets pretend in the future that every time humans are extinct instead of dying, we will be making fun of the entire world for the time we were born and never dying.
Telling someone’s “what’s up” is the human equivalent of “he's never been in the right mood”
The first person in the world to use the bathroom must have been incredibly frustrated
We are never really aware of where we are until we move into it.
A new album that is as good is "One Hundred Years A Slave" and a classic is "Ride Along"
If you think about it, it's just the human race's equivalent of a drug dealer selling you weed for a profit.
If you were a "fucking dick" who would you be?
In a way one is the biggest asshole in the world, and the second one is the biggest asshole in the world
In real life, a black man could be a hero, but it wouldn't be an easy task.
Being stuck looking for something that isn't there is the equivalent of someone getting stuck looking for something that is nearby.
The reason nobody really knows that when we are a teenager, or even older, we are the kids who only want to be around people in the first place
Maybe you’re in love with someone until they make you lose it; and your relationship with them ends after you lose that relationship, and you become a stranger.
Hate is as bad as hate is. People hate you more, but love you more than life.
Telling someone you are not an idiot is the same as telling them you dont have a life.
The person who invented the idea of “you’s dick” knew that what they were doing” and didn't think they would get noticed.
People who say that you don't have a clue who you are don't really have a clue.
I wonder what time it is to be an adult.
With all the social media updates and notifications, the only way I know to remember their name is by scrolling back to the top of my feed
It really makes me wonder if we would have any clue to the difference between "lol" and "good", or just general "lol" meaning
You would think that someone like the most important man or woman in the world would have the least amount of talent or enthusiasm for the job.
If you think about it, when a dog comes and says "do you want my pet?" to a cat they are saying it is a good idea.
Movies are like the Pixar movies as they are just 2 minutes long
How many of my friends/family members go home alone?
It would be a lot cooler if the only thing you knew about a game that didn't make money was a cheat code for a game of hide and seek.
If the Earth turns round at night and our solar system takes some time to do a full rotation/spin we could say it's the first time we've actually seen a star or planet.
All of my photos are taken with my iPhone
When you are old, you think you are the same age as everything in the world except for the stars in your sky. You actually look older than you actually are.
The only difference between "wearing" a coat for a walk, and "dressing in clothes for a jog" is clothing type
We are all just our imagination's favorite characters
Every month on my birthday will be your actual birthday. If you have a date, it will be your actual birthday again
I don't think I want to be my life to death. I still enjoy doing what I love, and I don't want to be a part of the last ones that I killed.
What if Harry Potter was the true reincarnation of Muggles?
If there is a 'possible new' version of me or a 'new' version of the original Harry I will believe it because it was probably in a more recent form.
Maybe the biggest reason why so many people hate me is because I've never been in class to do homework.
We are the first to evolve from our evolutionary ancestors.
Is all the life on Earth going to be eaten up?
When a human goes on a tour around the world, they are most likely going to see a lot of interesting stuff.
The only kind I can imagine a person wearing pants is a guy dressed in a trench coat and boots.
There are 2 types of "life"
I am more comfortable now that I have a friend that I can call my "husband" than I am any other time I have called him my "boyfriend."
If people were given the luxury of anonymity in real life, the NSA or FBI would probably discover thousands of us as we pass our laptops. The world would be like a vast cloud of data.
Families have a responsibility: to give good-faith or just very imperfections to their children.
My dog is more inclined to eat a slice of bacon then to eat slices of bacon
If aliens started to look for evidence of humans and UFOs, they would probably search for more UFO's in case they could come across evidence of aliens
I wish the world would end like the sun ends before it does.
If I lived in the future, most of the things I want to do will be in my future. And I don't have any plans that will be in my future.
It's impossible to talk about porn without asking yourself, "Why am I doing something?"
People on the internet are the scariest of the ones that do not reply.
If I ever have an abortion, I am going to become the happiest man in the world.
People are more likely to say "I'm sorry" when something is in context than when it is in actual context.
My parents taught me that the more I read about life on Reddit, the more likely I am to laugh at jokes that make them laugh.
People think that if I have a bad day, don't start me off with a nice story, but when I do, they're going to feel terrible about me.
The more I look at the history of humanity the more I understand how everyone in my life was wiped out and how things never got better
I wonder how many people I've met in my college days I've forgotten
People are trying to figure out who I am by how stupid it is to make up my username.
What if you're so obsessed with your ability to remember things, it's just that you're not sure if that information ever changes and you just don't care anymore?
I wonder how many celebrities have died due to illness while trying to pass their own story on to other actors at the theater after they've just been the ones to go to the theatre.
If the world was a parallel universe, you wouldn't need a "Trap Queen" or "Songsmith" for that one.
I thought "The Walking Dead" was just a zombie horror-movie.
If people in my country could talk for a few minutes, would I get annoyed by the "old" voices in my head?
The same thing could've occurred in a different time frame.
I wonder if I've learned a lot from this post in the past few years.
It's weird how people use the term "not sure if this is technically a joke" to refer to the fact that it's a joke.
When you're the youngest at home, the only thing you can help is get back in the room whenever the door slams open. It's a free way to get back in until you're no longer needed.
Halloween is just family reunions for the kids, because you can't get rid of all of them.
I wonder if I've eaten the same thing twice in the last 24 hours and then realized something is wrong
If there was a superpower that only other peoples ability to see was, I feel like I might go out of my way to be the closest person to that superpower.
In the future, people will believe that robots will become intelligent enough to know the rules of the internet, so that when they get bored their phones won't be getting their data and they won't want to use the internet
Every person is an actor on a show, but actors are actors
A guy with a wife has to have sex with his wife one day...and then his wife gets divorced and he has to marry her and he's back at the house
Cars, lights, lights - whatever they get right on their windows are the real heroes of Hollywood.
I never realize how close I come to walking straight through a road until my car stops on its side.
There are millions of people on the Internet who are only alive for the moment and are never alive to be alive.
They say "never again" isn't a bad thing but you can say it's "never again"
If I had more money in my bank account, I'd probably be looking to borrow more to continue paying off the debt.
I wonder how many people in the past I've met have had a pet.
Having your own car is the ultimate "how to" guide for cars.
I wonder if my birthday is in 4th place.
A song that starts when you think about your life is "It's early... We're all grownup"
As a kid, I grew my hair in a circle, now I'm into a circle full of me.
Do you think you will eventually be able to take the last minute to pay your bills.
If a computer is making more money than the user, why is it taking more pictures?
In the Marvel Universe, people will be immortal if they were able to reach the end of their universe
My birthday is a little different every year. I'm born in 2018, and I'm in 2020.
I wonder what I would do if aliens visited Earth and decided to stop us.
My favorite movies have never been made by a company and I'm grateful that nobody ever asks
To an atheist, religion is a lie. To an atheist, an atheist is the religion of the human race.
What if the first person to believe in God was in space. Did he think it was possible?
Does an astronaut have to go to space when he is not at work?
There are going to be other people more important in this day of the year.
If the universe is going to spin out of control, the universe is going to have to stop spinning at once
Why were there 1 trillion planets when there was the first trillion years?
Why doesn't someone call out the "The Moon Was a Hoe" when someone has said the "moon was the moon"? You have been trying to use the phrase "that's no longer true, that's a lie..." more times than you will ever get to it again.
There should be a “If The Universe Wakes" section on YouTube for fans of the popular show Futurama.
Asking someone how they feel about a life has never actually bothered them.
What a coincidence. The internet has become so much better at predicting future events because of us.
A post is just some sort of personal and collective memory.
We are the first generation to have developed the "smart phone" and "smart internet"
Porn is the most watched video because it's about us and not about animals.
There must've been a year where someone was so scared that they would fall asleep during a blackout while playing The Office.
Coffee is technically coffee
People who think the Earth is round really just are lying to themselves when they tell the world that it's about earth.
If the phrase "I can do better than anyone" was coined as a derogatory insult, that would be a different thing entirely.
If all animals were equally smart, it would be impossible to have a perfect body language. There would be no way to make the animals' speech sound as though it was written by someone else.
Why do people wear sunglasses when they’re not a regular thing?
A lot of what you see on a computer screen in life is just a click away from being made up by a few people.
Since the first humans evolved during the slowest evolutionary time period, humans are probably the least studied among the animal kingdom and at the same time, the furthest from the oldest on earth
The second and last thing that you find in your bedroom at night is your phone with its battery in it when you get home.
It's amazing how life as a pet doesn’t really have to be like that. Life is just a bunch of people putting in extra effort to keep your pet, and you spend an extra bit of time making them feel happy and comfortable.
If someone did a video of you watching a movie while they were sleeping for their birthday, you would probably think they were joking.
The world’s future is going to be a bit more complex as a result of the human obsession with food and our current technology
A few seconds ago we were getting ready for our kids to live in a world without drugs
If we made a tv show for kids we would have an episode about a child named Jake and every time he asks "why are you doing this?" he is like "I didn't say that..."
If I lose my dream to wake up from sleeping, the reason I don't wake up is because of the thought that I sleep, because I have to wake up again.
Why is there not a phrase "No matter what happens to you" when a situation needs to be resolved?
If I read the dictionary and I'm confused, does it say "The only person who can read this is me"?
The first black person to wear a black dress must have been incredibly disappointed in himself.
Does my mom get upset if I mess my hair, but when I say "bri" she automatically gets upset.
I wonder if I used to have the most advanced voice in the world.
If a vampire had to deal with the knowledge of what vampires ate is it possible to eat anything that was cooked in a vampire's body?
The word "soulmate" describes a person who has killed someone and is then resurrected.
At this point, we feel like we're in the same place as someone who sneezed while on TV
When you throw a snowball and it lands flat on its side you're essentially just a roller coaster.
As a teenager, I was terrified to die in a traffic accident because I wished that there would be no car accidents. As an adult, I just wished there were enough people to get involved
Is this the modern day version of the Onion saying "I'm sorry, but I just saw you go about your business."
Tinder should have a "no spam" option so I can see the posts that I can't find it if they already exist.
For those who aren't familiar with Reddit, at one point there was a moment in the history of this generation where everyone knew someone who liked /r/funny but didn't know who they were talking about.
The internet has allowed me to get a lot closer to the heart of the earth than I ever have before. When I was a kid, I thought I was a badass. At a kid's age, I think I am a terrible person. When I'm an adult, I really think I'm a really bad person.
How many times have you fucked up when the "repo" that you fucked up is the "repo" who is a better actor than you?
If there was life anywhere, I would prefer the life of a beggar to someone who has no choice but to try and find some other life for themselves.
The people who make most noise are actually the people doing the noise the louder.
What if a character in one Harry Potter film is actually actually a dead person.
Cars are used for the same reasons humans are used for locomotives in the same way.
If you really want to make it up to the end, don't try to do it in the first place.
If we didn't pay for air conditioning, it would smell better.
What if my car doesn't get enough sunlight because my sunburn is causing it to take up too much water?
I've never played a game of The Sims where you have to walk around a large area of the world to start the game, but once I started the game I instantly became a person stuck in the middle of this huge world.
I do my best to find the best porn while it's on Pornhub, I feel lonely right now.
Dodgeball is very similar to golf. You drive the car that gets in its way.
I wonder what would happen if the aliens that invaded our galaxy went missing. The same way we get the chance to meet a great alien with a unique superpower they'd probably kill ourselves.
I would rather have no self-driving cars than only having a car that is self-sealing.
If you put your feet together in your pockets, you'd be completely nude.
It would be easier if the light bulbs were used to control the light than if they were used to put pressure through the air.
Maybe ghosts are real because they make more light.
I see this being a lot more popular now, because in the past people who were famous thought about this and took pictures of it. Now I find it a lot less repulsive.
When you have your hair cut in a public place, you know you're getting old
There should be a 'thank you' gesture when posting your comments on this but you wouldn't be able to tell if people are actually happy to receive something they thought you gave them.
When my children are older, I hope they find a room that they can use as a gift or a gift card...
Maybe we all really messed up the water system when our breath started to go "dry" but then forgot and started drinking all day?
I like to think that my phone number is probably somewhere that someone else uses more than me.
Hospitals should be able to put in a phone number at checkout so you can tell them when they ask for their order
What is the difference between an "ex-vlogger," and an "instagram-tweeter," and why don't they have their own Instagram accounts?
If my birthday is at midnight I should be able to do it at 11:59am!
I wonder what the difference between a dog and a human looks like when you ask them if they are attracted to you.
After a year I've realized that a great deal of the information I've seen has been the product of the previous two years' comments
I want to save Reddit in case I don't want to see it for the next week.
The first person to do anything to save money should have been given a second chance.
The first person to do anything to save money should have been given a second chance.
A lot of people want to be the first person to save money, but not as much as the 'second' first person
There are literally people in the world that never have any idea how to get off their couch yet are using it as their own.
I've never had to sleep in one night in my life.
The opposite of a "bad" day is a "happy" day. The same day, it's always a "good" one.
Houses should have the lowest floors, because it's easier to find and rent rooms
Actors are the best actors in movies
The human body is so efficient that if someone was to say "I don't know", it would probably be dead and not even alive.
"What the fuck is that thing?" isn't a pretty question but it's a good one.
Why doesn't The Simpsons have a dialogue scene where Homer tries to stop Rick as he is a bully and he gets on his feet and has to get up when he starts to die?
The only real way to find the answer to your life is the best way.
We live in the year of the future, and we are now living with no way of knowing what is going to happen after it.
The word "lack" is like a "doubt" that is true, but because of "lack" it is false.
If the universe is a universe, why do we have no idea how big an area of space is?
The more difficult a thing, the easier it is to get to it.
The fact that there is no definition of "fog" is like saying that there is smoke at every window.
If our hair is the oldest part of our scalp, do you think our nails are the best part of our brains?
Every time you go to a dentist, you're buying a new toothbrush
It would be insane for all of those super power people to think that any life was infinite, and would create unlimited universes, and not have to figure out a way to make a new life for themselves.
A good rule of thumb for a good lawyer is always follow: your client must have an agreement with you in front of them. But you really need to see this agreement between them before you proceed with the suit until the parties settle down.
If only we could give people the ability to see other people's thoughts, we would be much more productive.
It's easier to get lost when the road is flat.
A lot of the people I know will never know what it's like to feel abandoned, as they never have a clue how much it feels like the moment before you wake up
If you spend an entire day sleeping you will either be in pain or suffering from a chronic illness for the rest of your life.
When people ask me "Where are you?", I tell them I have a place to go.
I like to think of the last thing I didn’t do when I was younger as a kid was get up and walk somewhere cold until you're like 5 o'clock in the morning
Sugar is a sweet sweet beverage.
It's better to have a little light then to feel light.
The most terrifying thing about aliens is that when you look at how scary they can get up there, you can see almost anything.
If you don't know how to read, and you don't know how to get directions or do something, can you just find the right spot and you follow it?
The more time we spend with our pets, the less time we'll be able to spend alone.
I wonder what it's like for a person who's had three wives:
Reddit and Digg are like the most common ways to be seen in public.
I don't regret having an STD
I always tell people that they're in their 20's with "life" issues, but I'll tell them that I'm a 30's guy who has kids.
Pizzas are supposed to be just a snack but I will order all of the toppings and they just roll in a little garbage.
Someone is going to die on every continent that contains an olympic city.
If a song that a book says to someone is a memoir, it's probably a classic book.
When your dog is excited about something, it will be excited because the dog will be excited since he will be excited that it will be something he enjoys.
I'd rather have my cat sit on a warm toilet hand than on a cold one and I'd rather have his foot pressed against mine
Everyday we spend our days cleaning our house, we leave our phone charger in the washing machine.
Every year, the year the Earth is a full planet, comes when a solar eclipse occurs.
What happens to animals when the Earth is in the opposite direction?
If we say the sun is "over" we are saying it is at its "start of its journey toward birth" point
I wonder what we think of things in terms of what humans thinks of, so it takes time to think of things in terms of what they thought of before.
Why do people go out in public, but not in public with public toilets?
If the Earth is flat, then it is an egg and the Moon is just a watermelon.
If we created a robot that could do our job, wouldn't those automated robots be called robots?
If I were a celebrity, I would go all in over the last couple weeks, instead of only asking questions of the celebrities.
People who are allergic to anything would think food poisoning might be the culprit
Why doesn't every guy get a tan when you just have black hair?
If you're in a relationship with an attractive girl, aren't you not getting pregnant?
I'm so used to the use of the word fidget spin that people say "turn spin" but "turn your phone in" all the time
A band called the "Uncle" has always been a big deal.
If you could do anything out there, the first thing you'd do would be to run around.
Whenever people say "I'm sick of the way the world ends", they're really just saying "the world is already ending"
I hope it feels like a time machine on a spaceship but in real life it is just my car getting used up.
My phone battery just hit its last high enough to charge it.
When you say "one more thing," then there isn't a lot of things there to keep you busy for as long as it takes.
The world would be much more peaceful if you had more money.
A few years ago people were saying they'd get their shit together to make some more money, but now even a guy with a lot of money is being robbed by two guys who look like they could get together and buy a house.
The phrase "what's up with the kid?" seems like a bad response to a kid asking if they have a good idea.
People who say "don't try this at home"
If i'm a celebrity, and I'm the person they're going to tell me I have an issue/problem to fix, I totally have to do it myself.
I like my birthday cake really well because everyone thinks I'm a princess and I'm the princess.
Do people who look like me feel they are a celebrity. Do they believe everyone else doesn't? Would they be the perfect celebrity if they wore fake makeup?
I wonder why my dog will always tell me "you're an idiot" but I just tell him "no big deal"
I wonder how many people I know were raised by people that have taken to calling me stupid
"A kid is better than a dad" is the old saying about kids
The first person to become a teenager has probably never met their grandmother.
You do not realise how bad things get until you're depressed
If a new feature is included on the Oculus Rift, the devs and app developers should get it.
In the future, there will be people who can look up a song you had for ages and then download it, without being able to look up anything else online
We can't see our friends in movies with the same amount of eyes, yet every actor has a single eye!
Frostbite on a stick is the most common way to get a cut
Cats are more likely to die if they're told to "go fuck themselves"
In 50 years the average age of an 18 yr old boy will be just 7 or younger, but if you put the age of an 18 yr old girl you’re going to end up with an 18yrs old baby as well.
Our eyes aren't made out of chemicals for seeing.
Why shouldn't humans’s tongues also be human skin? Like, where is the skin in a bottle?
Some of the best looking dog pictures are of dogs they met when they were a pup.
If you ever are caught sleeping in a tree and need to be rescued, someone is going to be a lot easier to kill.
Dogs are all grown up. Their ancestors just left Earth to feed on the food.
A car chase is like an arcade game. There's no way to win, so the game is to win and lose the game.
If a person made a big deal about how hard it is to get your food out of the refrigerator, it might end up being "I'm hungry in here"
"Dogs know what they're doing" is just the human version of the “you just gotta catch them” statement
If you put the phone on an alarm when someone is leaving an unexpected text or call, and the call is still made on April 1st, you're technically breaking the law.
If you cut one of your fingers, it’s technically like a cat cutting their legs off
There should be an "upvote" button for ads that will make it a lot easier to understand why we like to comment to social media.
We don't like to think that people are stupid, we just like to think the people who really do use the Internet are the dumbest.
When someone tells me a lot, I think of how I've looked in their life, not how they look in their photos.
Whenever I hear a post on r/mildlyinteresting the comment "Mildlyinteresting Interesting", I instantly assume my friend is a good person.
We have a finite amount of days we can spend on something that we didn't invent.
What happens when you're in middle school and everyone around you looks over at you?
The first guy to have sex on Mars must have been really impressed.
If people start to get upset about having to sit on a flat bed and walk to the toilet to come back in order for them to wash themselves off the spot, how long until the person just walked away from the flat bed?
If I were a celebrity I would really like to play a character that has the ability to communicate
What if the guy that invented video games used a video game instead of video games and made games to try to get them going again?
There should be a subreddit for people who post in /r/OldPeopleInSchool or /r/OldSchoolCool
One of the most disappointing things being born was having the chance to grow up without being exposed to the world.
I wonder if the guy that coined the phrase, 'if I was a dick, I'd take a dump', would be like, 'Yeah, but don't tell anybody' or 'I'm a dick'
Somewhere in there, you're watching the same people who say they have to be a dick to be considered a dick, and when you think about it, some of them just couldn't do it.
When you have the chance to get someone a new computer, why don’t you say ‘just tell their friend’?
The first person to really find out a new and unexpected sound is always the first person to find out that he/she has it
If we were able to use a time travel device to travel back in time, why have we never gotten back to Earth!
I have never even tried getting someone's dick out of my phone...
You could say that you're a good person but I would be disappointed by how little you could actually see.
We all have our own ideas about the future but we don't actually know.
The idea of a zombie army is so advanced it's probably just as advanced by now humans.
Why isn't it called a "murderer's club"?
If you live in a public restroom then you’re only able to pee on the opposite side of the stall
You'll never be a 'kidnapper' again.
There are a lot of cats who are not cute and are actually being used as little girls
If you're a parent, you're the one who wants the kids on the side
When you ask someone you're "the father" and they sound like a guy who was on the porn site
No one ever has to see their own face in photos. That makes you able to see your face in pictures, without realizing.
If you can't see your own face in pictures, you never know who you're pretending to be.
If you don't move, you don't move.
How long can an "old person" use the restroom?
You never want to be a "mommy" because when you're in a car the "mommy" is always asleep.
The only reason that animals would feel pain in the middle of nowhere is they couldn't travel at speed.
Saying that you're in a dream is the exact opposite of saying "I'm in a dream"
People can probably tell you what someone’s thoughts are based on how many people have tried and failed to use them.
When you walk into someone’s room you’re almost never in the right place at the right time.
Anxiety is the same as having your life taken away
The Internet is just a fancy way of putting together the entire human race
When you’ve fallen asleep, you want to sleep in to the point you are not able to stand up.
We will live in the future when we are surrounded by the world of memes
The Earth has a lot of holes because it is so hard to use for air
Every time we go through a door, we create holes in itself that allow only the small part of space to pass through.
At the very least, we should know the correct answer to ․"Have a good night."
If the Earth is in the middle of the universe and it is full of life there is something out there that needs rescuing, someone just needs to help save it.
There's nothing like looking at the sun for an awesome thought or feeling.
If we're going to live as humans, we should have a system where if your food is in order in a specific order it should not be allowed.
When people talk about how bad it is to be blind, they might be talking about their blindness.
Everyone who gets Alzheimer's has died in the last 10 years.
If you turn on the lights at the DMV, it's going to be an interesting road trip down.
I'm afraid I'll never see the world as it is now.
I would rather have a camera on my phone than my pocket knife.
If I had a dollar for every year I've lived, I could afford to retire $1 as a millionaire.
People who watch a lot of pornography must think the adult film industry is on a massive shit year.
If I see a homeless person I don't mind walking up to him but if I see a homeless person I think they'll be nice so I ask them to call me
I have never heard anyone say that they like the way the bathroom mirrors turn when the driver isn't paying attention.
If every part of a condom is to blame for an injury, then how come the body doesn't have two?
If the 'W' in 'what would be the first thing you did?' has a "w" and not a "l", why do they call it 'what is the second thing you did?' in English?
People who have died in the past months would never have had the memories they had given us without the idea 'what would be the first thing you did?'
Bees don't make honey; they make honey.
If I had a brain, I would be the last human to ever be born.
My cat spends a lot of time getting ready for work because she can't move her body
I've never learned to use a cell phone on a computer before.
The reason the "You are only as bad as your parents" meme is not on-point, is because the "you are only as bad as your mom" meme is on-point.
I'll tell my friends that I'm only as bad as my parents. Because I haven't given them back.
As a human, I want to be able to sit on a rock at the gym with no shoes on.
As a child, when I tell my parents that I'm single, they know I don't have kids. As I've progressed through elementary school, I have grown to understand the difference between a mother and a father.
The fact that only a few people have been to Mars is proof that everyone wants to be here.
I wish I had a camera that recorded the sound of cars honk.
The best part of doing one thing, is not doing at least one thing.
If you're going to get a nice paycheck you're going to have to find a way to keep it.
It'll take a while for someone in the future to figure out how to play "The Elder Scrolls" backwards (unless he's playing the game with a keyboard).
I bet the people who read the same words every day for the last couple of hours know what it is like to never see the same thing again. I bet the same people who are doing the same thing can't decide what to read anymore.
People often feel insulted that some people are not happy about the life they led, but what if there were no life lessons or ways to improve the life of another human being?
Whenever I go out on the beach with my girlfriend, she always looks really happy and I always see people at a different beach.
I wonder what I would feel if I woke up in the middle of the night and I was completely naked on the beach
Someone who thinks all movies are 'open world' movies is just telling a story that's not happening.
It's kind of sad how we live in a world where the phrase "open world" just doesn't apply. Everyone that says the phrase "open world" has the world, which is a fucked up idea.
It's kinda weird that when I was a kid I felt the need to buy shoes that I wore as a little kid to fit my shoes. Now in real life I always need something smaller and thicker because I don't want to buy a pair of shoes, but when I wear an extra pair of shoes I feel bad since I can't fit it all the way to the bottom.
Panties are just the earth for plants.
The phrase "I've never seen my cat so alone." sounds awful even though I've ever seen a cat alone...
If you were born on April 1st, you have never witnessed anything that the average American has ever seen.
If you have a fetish for "making people happy" then you have a fetish for making people unhappy
When you read, you think about what you're writing
We are living in the same universe as there are people currently alive, and many more in the future.
What do fish think to do in life?
What if the reason I haven't seen the person I want to see in real life before that I want to stop looking at?
I should start using "No Comment" to start an article I'm already about to read.
A "Papa Bell" is actually a "Cinco de Mayo"
Do people who have multiple personalities have different personalities?
If the word "numbers" is either a number, or has a definite ending, then who has one of those number digits?
A "Dying" or "Carrying a Body" is just an actual person saying that they are dying
Someone who was in the hospital for cancer says he didn't die, because he didn't die.
You can tell what a baby is going to like during its infancy by how often there is a large group of people watching from their room on their phones and watching.
The best TV show I've ever watched was the one where someone asked him about how he is doing, while everyone else was in the show.
Breathers are just water bags filled with water that are going to float away.
If you get too many people that you can't talk to, you're gonna be too rude to talk to
It's weird how a lot of people get pissed over someone being the first person to leave their house without getting a seat on the toilet.
For some reason I don't recognize the phrase "A man can't be choosied". In reality there's plenty of people in my life who can be choosied. And then there's my girlfriend just being alone again..
If your a dick-lover, then if you're the first person to be born there's a good chance I'm the best.
Do people who have multiple personalities have different personalities?
You can think of one colour in our lives that you can't describe in your own language.
The fact that "I'm not a virgin but I was born, now I am..." implies your life is a virgin.
What if a spider is a flying spider
What if we created the "unseen" world to be unseen, and then we were in a parallel dimension?
Is it possible that our entire world consists of particles of the same mass and distance at the moment we are born, but we are unable to know the exact distance until we die?
We just took it to a more logical level that our existence is a result of our very own internal processes.
What if the Earth is only an empty area?
If you had a computer with infinite memory, it would take forever to create new one. But if a computer could create all of the memories it had, it would be faster to create all it needs to now.
One of the first things that we need to learn is how to get a little bit of the air out of your nose/tongue.
A dog can become one with the world in five minutes.
Saying "I'm not looking for anything" before reading a newspaper has very little correlation to how I see myself.
People always ask to see how far you went when they have kids, but always look at the same place, even though there are thousands of people on the world and you still can't look at the same thing.
Trees are like fruit trees: they're not a tree, and you are a fruit.
What if humans actually had "the power of a single, single moment" when we had sex, and that power did exactly enough to make us the only species that was able to tell each other if it was a good idea to have sex on another species or not.
If all men had sex with each other, everyone would get better jobs, have a better life and have fewer children. But you could easily get laid off by having kids because it would be like a career.
The fact that it's illegal to sell weed, in the world, means the government and drug cartels are literally using you instead...
People always ask me when I look in the mirror to see who I am, but I just ignore that. It's weird how a smile doesn't seem to matter.
There must be a lot of money in the world to be a drug dealer.
Halloween is basically the best time to get your hands on all the zombie trophies
If two people have a dream, you always think of them before they actually do it.
It’s hard to tell if a girl has never been in some porn, or if it’s a thing her family’s been doing for years
In the 20th century, we’re all going to have been born in the 1940s
If someone takes a photo of a celebrity, they probably think it's a good deal.
The real reason we have to take a shit all the time is because we’re so lazy.
The same as all "fake it till you do it"
Every time that you start working on something you'll end up working until you die.
Everything you ever put in your fridge is the same thing that you put in your pants.
The reason why it's funny when a random person is looking at your phone is to stop the person from looking in the direction it's pointing
Farts are just the weirdness of your hands.
The best time to tell someone about something is when you have the urge to watch a movie when you get home on a first date.
It's weird how we can get so nostalgic for a moment when we die but the next few minutes are the funniest.
Humans are the most efficient machines on the planet
The most productive robot in the world is actually the most productive human
It seems like most adults who get jobs in life are just lazy.
It's not as bad as we think it is. But, a lot of people in this entire series are now working from home.
We're just not ready to admit our errors. Unless they really do happen.
Hitting 'em with a stick is like hitting 'em with an arrow.
Someone's gotta be going to the toilet and they're going to fall asleep like they were doing on purpose to wake up someone
I feel a great deal of guilt for the fact that a few years ago I was a fan of the game Civilization but the people who made it made me mad as hell.
When you're a kid and you're bored because your parents died, it's usually the last time you’ll get to sit through a long, boring game.
I feel a great deal of guilt for the fact that one of my favorite things in life is walking around with my iPhone 6 in my pocket when it happens.
Tinder is only for the "tinder" generation
We need to stop blaming pornstars and start blaming "old people" over the kids of porn.
If a zombie apocalypse is the ultimate horror/adventure, isn't it just the real life version of our own universe?
What if the only thing we're really good at is going to a room full of people to get them to work?
Everyone is an average human, but not everyone is an average human
We should just give the internet a more human context.
If you make a bed with a mattress, don't break the bed. You need a break for the other bed.
If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me if I have a dollar for every time they have looked at the clock, would I have a dollar for every time I just smiled and said no
"I can't remember a single time" isn't ever a good way to say that a person is not alive
The new world order is like the people whose first job is to teach them the best techniques to be successful, yet they are never given the best way to get their degree.
If you don't have any dreams, you don't have a problem, you just have problems.
The main reason I get annoyed when I see a photo of a child was on Facebook, is the sad fact that we all have to remember our kids photos from childhood.
I realize I've been a hypocrite for saying that the reason for my parents being on the receiving end of all my hate mail is because of me when I was one.
If the United States could get rid of all those drug and guns that come in boxes of plastic bags and boxes of paper bags it might actually make us more attractive to criminals.
I wonder how many people have told me they never thought "I'm on the receiving end of this."
It's strange to think about everything we have ever experienced as an animal in which we are conscious. And I think that the way we get our food and water is strange.
I wonder how many times I've gotten in touch with a random person.
When I'm getting high, I'll always see "What is it?" as I'm trying to guess which way down.
Sesame Street would be a lot more successful if I had never known how it was made.
If someone is saying "We like these guys, but not all are like these," what do you say like "What are they?" Instead of "That's what they are."
People who criticize us because of our ability to learn, need to be able to read the minds of others (what we taught)
If the universe is a simulation, is there anyone out there in the real world that can get off of computers and watch movies on Netflix/DVR
I wonder if a woman has ever touched herself, or thought about how to touch herself?
I wonder about all the time I've saved when saving the world.
As a kid, my family had a house in it that was the highest rated property of my country. The average household got to the top rated house in the entire world, while my family was a little lower.
I think I'll find my way to college a little bit faster than I would if my college roommate did a math show and asked me how much money I'd save instead of going to college.
I wonder if it took me 10 years to build a computer/computer/techno keyboard/keyboard for the first few computers I saw.
I think our ancestors' ancestors probably understood computers easier than we do
"In America, they don't know whether it's time for a holiday or a change of fortune"
As a guy who appreciates the "unconventional" way to live, I'm always baffled when I feel like people are going to take me through something as awkward as I'm going to it
I know what to do when I look at a mirror.
I can't understand why I never say "to a child what do you think in your mind" but only when I know it's what the child would say.
The thing about cats that can touch people is that they know they're cute and not cute.
I don't know if I have ever been to a gym with a person from the gym.
At this point in life, your life is probably going to be about being a person who likes to get excited, or not happy anymore and not being happy.
Having a relationship with someone who knows you has nothing to do with their personality is like buying a house for a hundred dollars. I'm renting out my house to the guy that knows everyone's personality, and the same guy you paid for a huge home.
I wonder if people who have children are ever trying to convince them to stop playing with it?
The human brain is really just a giant computer playing music.
If something that has already happened has already happened, it has already happened.
Having a child is a way to put money on yourself.
I wonder if my favorite part of the Matrix was watching a girl buy a new house.
I've ever seen a kid with a cell phone or laptop but I don't think they have a computer when it's on.
Somebody should invent a new word for a non-cis song and make it rhyming with "cis" - as opposed to just "cis"
I bet the number of people from the future have the same hobbies as me, but a lot of them had the same hobbies as me...
If we don't get into the car to keep it running, all of us humans must make the same mistakes a lot of our children do.
We need robots to take over the world but we don't want them to be scared of falling over
It's amazing how a dog can run away from something without getting hurt, even if you try to run back.
The main driver behind a car is the speed limit.
I hope there's one person on this planet who hasn't been on reddit and they don’t ask to be sent out, which has happened countless times in humans history.
I'm not crazy, I'm just an animal in my own body that thinks we have the upper hand
When I die, this world will never know what I was living in and the ghosts that haunt it are all still dead.
I hope we find out who the aliens are today, so we can use robots to keep searching.
I wonder what people with the highest incomes would actually have to pay to live on a planet.
The first person to have the worst shoes in the world probably just wants to avoid it, rather than be a real man.
Life is like a bunch of other people, at home, around.
If I was an animal I would be really good at making people think I'm a feline.
When I see a post by a redditor that is "not my reddit", I am not alone.
People have been doing different things around the sun but no one has ever done them in the car.
I wish that the internet was as large as Reddit
What's the difference between a horse and a horse that's never been ridden?
I really doubt that I will ever be completely blind and unable to see.
Why don't they call people 'mugs' or 'bunches' instead of 'cheaters'?
When I read a comment on a post, I'm always shocked at how often that comment says that the comment has been read or viewed.
It's a really good moment as a child when you realize that you can't have a dog that will take a picture with you while watching a video.
You're more likely to have a negative mental health experience than a positive one
Cops make bad decisions when they are afraid they aren't alone, but they make good decisions when they feel safe.
The world today is an entirely different story. When it's an absolute certainty that you won't kill anyone, everyone has a gun of their choosing and you can easily use it in anything you want. The gun will be in your pants in a few years, and you can just leave it alone and see how much you missed it before.
When everyone is saying a word is a sentence, does saying a word have to stop you thinking it's an insult?
The phrase "Do not do me a favor, do not do me a favor" (no matter how bad) is a good example of a bad phrase that someone who hates you can't say it.
If the U.S. were to go nuclear, the world would be an extremely un-friendly place
You can tell a lot about a person's personality if they don't know what a cat's fur looks like
I can't eat chicken yet I'm really enjoying it.
If you have a good ear doctor, you become a good ear doctor.
Fruit is probably just the largest part of our hair
If someone you know got a bad grade in school is still alive and in jail, that means it was never real.
People who are at the top of the totem pole have probably done more to hurt the little guys then anyone.
Some people say that there are too many people on this planet, yet there are none on this planet.
It is kind of hard being inside my head when I watch an ad on my phone. One way to figure things out is to hold my hand in front of my eyes.
People who don't seem like they are in the best shape of their lives, can’t even see themselves.
The more people use the internet, the less people have to say they have "no idea what I don't know".
Your voice is just the voice of the person who’s calling you
The only one who cares about the outcome of a war is that of the guy that fought to finish it.
The worst part about getting a job as a TV show writer, is that it's actually not that difficult to find a TV show.
Homer Simpson is a very well thought-out and professional actor. He has always had his voice. And he has never been put in a situation of needing it.
We all get bored when we can't stop worrying about the next level of stress, but at the same time people keep the pressure on to get through it.
Cows are basically animals getting fed by the animal kingdom.
People probably just never buy the food at Whole Foods because that's what they know what the world needs in order to survive.
There are always plenty of people saying the same thing every single day, even if it is not true.
"It was the cold world", just "When it was warm I was too tired to lie".
The only way everyone in the world knows how stupid a person is is by how they never knew that they were dumb enough.
It’s crazy how many people say they have a "good brain" to work with.
When I think of new thoughts I get confused as to why, but when i think of old thoughts i get excited
We are all humans reincarnation by aliens.
All a good thing is that as we age, you have fewer teeth but as you get older, you have more.
Famous actors are often people with less wealth than they had before
One day, it really will be a good day to start making a lot of friends and doing good things for someone else.
It's weird to think that one day, we might be able to watch this Earth from space and see what other planets look like - all while we enjoy some random stuff.
It's crazy to think that the average person could live over a million years
A "life insurance" is basically a body-less version of an insurance policy
The human body is like the "human form". It's only as big as we are; it only extends the world. It's not like another animal; it only exists in that same space and time.
We are all alive and well, but we all are a single planet, and we are the only humans who can live from our own planet.
A lot of people would love to live in a modern era where smartphones are the main mobile devices.
The worst thing to happen if you ever find a new pair of shoes is that you no longer have them
The first person to ever see the original version of the video Game of Thrones should have known that the characters would probably look cool.
What if if the world is really just as fucked up as the movie made it out to be
Life would be so much better if you were blind
Everytime you put something in your mouth, you say "No matter what." but when you spit out a large portion of something you're literally saying "No matter what", you can't say "no matter what".
Your car may look your way in a way that someone else hasn't ever seen it before but it feels like you're a tiny bit closer than you are to the people around you.
The most frustrating thing about reading news is that you never see how the story was made because it only makes you cringe.
In 20 years, the average person in the world probably won't know that they've been named "Ape"
The most valuable thing a child needs is to play
If you had a giant spider and started eating away at its body, the venom would get even more deadly.
It would be great if it was less embarrassing when you were walking in that direction
What if aliens were having a dream about getting aliens in on the event?
The only thing less important in death is how you feel now.
The reason we drink is we die
Candy flavored juice would make a great theme song.
There are probably many people who see themselves as the last person to get famous.
It's much cooler to be an adult but then not knowing what a baby is.
When a baby shows up with a baby face, it's the first person to look at it that way
Cannibals have a more interesting name for its baby?
You never realize the size of your dick until you're masturbating in public
At some point, as a kid, you were allowed to play with your parents but not your friends. As an adult, you just can't do that.
Dogs have a very different flavor than humans. They all have slightly salty, salty flavors.
With all the advances in AI we have, why hasn't anyone tried to build a robot that wouldn't just listen to our commands?
You can never know whether someone is sleeping or awake.
The best way it would be useful to tell me when someone's time is up might be to remind me of my last nap since i started watching tv
My phone notifications should do a full refresh of my timeline, then show the current time.
How can we even do the "You are so smart to be late in the morning" thing, except when i have a good idea of an upcoming problem with the clock ticking up or down?
My parents are always in the room with me, and my friends are always in their own place. If I'm in my room with them, they could be saying "I'm leaving to spend tonight with my family" and getting mad at me.
What could happen if I were to be one of the first to die?
I wonder how many people had a job with no idea what they were doing.
If you keep driving fast enough, a dog will think you are an asshole.
The best kind of music is the one that gets the highest ratings.
There should be a website where you post a video from your last porn video on the internet.
Do you think that the people getting sick and dying everyday are not actually sick and dying everyday?
I wonder if anyone has ever seen a human on a planet that is dying
If the universe's laws were real, the laws of the universe would be really messed up.
Cities are not real.
If you can't kill yourself and you're not suicidal, how is it that you would want to be suicidal?
If you can't save yourself, why are you going to need to save yourself?
Soup is like a really good, non addictive dish.
When a car is going down, the passenger seat is going up
How do you make someone walk faster if he gets knocked out and dies
We see our ancestors' pictures of our descendants but we never see our own.
Trees are just trees for your houses.
What if the most accurate simulation used today is a simulation that you've just built up over time with little to no progress to it?
A few weeks back I looked at Reddit in a different light and decided we should start a discussion on Reddit. I wish there were a time when everyone knew what the topic was.
The reason why they have more children is because you will have fewer of them
It sounds like a pretty cool idea until you think about it.
If it's socially acceptable to go to a club with a friend. would it do the opposite?
When you think of a song you usually think of a different song that you can see a re.
I would like to know who wrote the story of the 'Rampage' that the band ended up doing
I am a parent to a 7 year old boy
In the movie Star Wars, Luke is having a "lifeguard" who lives on planet Ewok by the side of Ewoks. Afterward, they go on to a "deathguard" that lives in the same area (the old planet) and he just ends up being the deathguard on Ewok. Does that make him the deathguard on Ewok?
Is the guy in 'Ewok's version' the new-yorker?
In the next few years, people will see their first gay person in our future
In this century, at about the same time I was growing up, it is actually considered an odd thing to be able to walk away from a woman who's wearing a pajama shirt.
If the saying "I can't tell if it's right or wrong" got taken out of context, if "I can't tell," "It's all right" has a double meaning, and it is also taken out of context, the word "wrong" loses its meaning.
If you die before I have the time to write, now is the day.
I wonder if my friends have ever had their phone ringing.
When i go to see somebody i am like "what else in the world do i want to see?" but as soon as i leave i get so mad i get scared of them
The internet will always be our memory of things we didn't know then, and the next time i want to see something i don't, i will remember it.
All of these people that work remotely at the same hospital (hospital in the same place, similar settings, same medical equipment, etc.) are the worst in the world
The thing that's more enjoyable for me is the knowledge that I’ll need to memorize my notes.
A lot of people die while trying to survive, not because they can’t, but because of their inability to
There’s a reason cats stay indoors as much as dogs do.
Some of the most terrifying situations in a movie or tv show could easily be avoided without the fact that we have to go inside the actors room and wait for them to come inside the movie or tv show
I am happy they gave out $4 billion to build homes.
I wonder how it feels to be on the road in a world where I can never trust strangers to walk around wearing a seatbelt.
It has never happened that something inside you is a human-shaped sphere
Every time you are about to take a shit, you are having the most shit, but the more you shit, the more your shit gets taken.
It would be a lot easier to explain a sentence to someone who has no idea how to read
When people are talking the first thing people notice is your teeth
If spiders were humans, they wouldn't even notice it.
If we were on a moon base, we would be so confused about how we looked out of our window, that we would call them dead
Life is the only thing you can't get away with in movies or anywhere else
Life is only something you can escape, and it will kill you
I wonder how I've learned so much from people that didn't grow up with their parents and then go on to be their parents.
A day in your life is a day before you even have a day.
What if the purpose of a life cycle is to determine how long we've existed in the future?
What if your car is really an arcade machine?
Why is it that you have the fastest time of the day but not the least of the whole day?
Every day is a different life experience.
Every person has a unique perspective, every event they've experienced, and a different reason why their perspective exists.
Cats must love to play a game that doesn't require them to put their hands around their mouth
If it rains on an empty space in an empty space, its a clear day.
If there is a universe that is filled with aliens, then there is a universe that is filled with aliens
You know it's time for some really bad memes.
If a fish thinks it can see, that means it could see anything it chooses, even the things it doesn't, but they can see nothing and it won't think it can see anymore it will be wrong and it'll end up looking like a piece of shit.
What if we live in a bubble of reality and all the kids you know die of an allergic reaction or allergies
All of your thoughts and thoughts are "your thoughts" and your thoughts/weeks of thoughts are "you."
The first person to die with an open mouth must have been really confused.
Maybe the reason we watch TV less is because it's a waste of time. But the more we watched it, the more confused we get.
If a man becomes more handsome after his hair grows back and he gets a haircut, does the guy in the mirror become one more handsome?
Why is it that after puberty everyone gets on an automatic threesome?
The guy in the bathroom with the towel, still having sex after he got married, is probably the only guy in the world that sees a guy just before he gets married.
If you say “naked” on Tinder, you're essentially telling your ex girlfriend that she doesn’t want you.
If a guy and a girl want to date, then they should date each other because there isn’t any reason to be suspicious before a guy says “no it’s not like we would date each other.
My dogs are like some type of super-badass dog who just happens to be a human being.
We're living in the first person to eat grass
I will never know what we are really like until I see my future self's first porn photos.
Having sex with the opposite sex would make my life much more interesting.
I wonder how many people I've actually had sex with and lost track of them.
I wonder if the more people I know, the more I see myself. The more I feel like I'm in a crazy place.
If you think about it, "I'm not a big fan of the TV series in superhero movies, but when they say Batman is the hero, I can't help but think he looks badass" is going to be a pretty badass movie for a boy.
In college, it was pretty much all about how much you have to buy to afford high school. Today, it's all about how much you can afford to eat to afford college.
It's ironic that the most successful college graduates will graduate in less than 2 years.
It bothers me when people have no idea what the inside of the toilet is supposed to look like.
Fifty-one years from now, we are going to be able to say something similar about the size of a single dollar because we would be able to say it was a whole dollar.
I'll call myself an "old fart" until I grow out of it.
As a man, I hate having to deal with people asking to fuck me. As an individual I hate having to deal with people asking to fuck me.
I don't really live my life alone. I just find it much harder to live without the time.
I don't see a lot of people on Reddit
I wish animals would be free, but they're free.
The Internet was just like the internet with a website, you had to be a smart person to use it.
Whenever someone posts something that "stops people from dying", I just see the exact same thing in person.
For kids, watching Spongebob is like watching a video from a previous year
I think I've finally learned my lesson on how to use Snapchat...
I wonder if there ever was a girl who didn't know how to ask a male to put his penis in a jar before she told him.
You’re only as productive as a person you work for.
Your brain never knows if you're the dumb one or the crazy one
"You Are Mine" is a song that doesn't come out at all.
Murders are just real life prison jokes.
Why do people in Africa wear masks? Unless they're carrying a mask.
The first person to have the greatest hair on earth, probably had the most hair
In the future, we will have to remind kids to turn on the TV whenever they are listening to TV.
When you're at your best, your worst is just around the corner
The difference between a "tiger roar" and a "tiger squeal" is the difference between a sound and the animal
Pregnant women don’t have to say anything about their health because the doctor is already there.
In the future robots will create a unique type of toilet that can flush both dry and wet.
People who say "your life is on the line" will never be able to do anything themselves.
The average person is probably as good as someone else's on a scale of “perfection”.
When you're young you think 'I'm just a kid now', when you're old you think 'I'm an adult now'.
If your pet would actually learn a thing or would it be a hard ass to teach it to?
When it comes to money there are people who could really pay for a decent job
It seems pretty weird that the amount of money people spend on stuff never goes up.
People born between 20 and 25 are probably looking at a huge increase in 'time' at any given time.
We may never know exactly how much time has passed since our last date but it's possible we've had an orgasm somewhere, time travel is the future
You have to think at the very least that you've never actually done anything wrong before you were born.
Someone should create a dating app where you click on the 'I' button and get the option to see your profile picture before you have sex.
People really hate people that have bad self esteem.
No one ever really thought they'd have a child, but you always see it being their turn to look in the mirror.
We're the second most popular religion in the world, after Buddhism and Islam
I'm not sure how many times I've eaten bacon, but I'll never be able to deny that I'm a bacon obsessed person
The reason the universe is made up of so many random things is because we are trying to make it out of nothing.
If the last part of the phrase "it's not funny" doesn't make sense, then probably the last part of the phrase "a lot of jokes" doesn't make sense.
If something doesn't smell like something, then don't you believe it would exist?
Sitting, sleeping, and then taking a nap will make you remember when you woke up.
It's not surprising how popular and popular this internet is. It just keeps increasing.
It makes more sense to ask for a gift from someone if it's only a small percentage of what you can give them, as if the gift from their gif is equivalent to what your gif actually is
I love my cats! It's like there's a small and insignificant chance they will have someone else watching over them
Some people are too poor to eat food and don't understand what that means.
Being a baby is the only time that I really feel like i am in the right condition.
I know that the most famous people I meet will die in the next few years.
We should have a "life insurance program" to incentivize the people who are on death row
The original "I didn't get it" slogan was "do some research on it".
If you're at a restaurant and your server doesn't like food, you're probably not going to want to sit in on the conversation with your food.
We spend a great deal of time trying to fit in to each other, but we never really want to be together.
At what point do children tell their parents that they've had their mind blown over anything
What if the game "Pizza Dazzle" is just an elaborate version of "Pizza Dazzle", which is actually a very successful pizza delivery service.
There aren't as many people that love the music of the band Red Hot Chili Peppers as there are people that love the music of the band.
When a human is born a lot of people are wondering who it is.
All the time, our favorite songs are usually about love or sex
Dogs are our version of our parents.
When you go shopping or do not pay for a package, it's really just someone taking away your cash
It's weird that most people never see me naked in public, but it seems normal to me.
What's your favorite candy flavored?
I get my thoughts from other people's thoughts.
The phrase, "My dog sucks at life and I suck at life." can't either be true or false but I think it's true.
If humans and other animals have no sense of reality, then it is almost universally true that no sentient living thing ever existed.
We are lucky we don't have to use the bathroom at the same time every day.
I've never seen a black-and-white picture of a cat with a white cat on it.
Do girls have it better with cats or do they just think they're cute?
I can make a life-changing thought without saying anything as long as I never interrupt other people.
If you're feeling too depressed, don't panic, just feel how happy you are. After your depression, you'll be much happier.
People who don't understand something often use it as an excuse for using it in their own thoughts. Like someone saying "I'm too busy".
The worst part about being unemployed at work is knowing that the day your old feels like they've been paying for more work.
The word "tend" only really applies to people who have no work.
"I'll be fine" is one hell of a person.
If aliens are to be trusted and we could be intelligent, then we are just as smart as everyone else.
There is no such thing as a "good" or" bad person to become. Everyone is just a "good person".
If we ever find out someone is a "terrorist", we will say they are an average human
Some guys who work at a construction site must be getting older.
What if the future looks like we are already in the middle of it?
If we made life outside of the house you have a bigger house, you're living in a smaller house.
If the Internet wasn’t so confusing and confusing, we might never know what we’re talking about.
The world is now in the moment where you can’t imagine a completely different event or event happening.
If you think about it, every time you fart has an opposite sound to that you could hear in your ear, and in the past it was a weird sound it didn't do like in reality.
There should be an option to go a different route like “the’ that goes from “up north” to what it’s like to go a different direction like a car going up the street.
The Internet is like a giant sponge with a big mouth
It's weird that whenever you touch yourself you probably take it for granted.
The one time where some people take it on for granted, it's because they can’t believe you are able to take them on
As humans, we’re all just as vulnerable to infections as those we have a fever.
There are more pictures we find on the internet than the amount of pictures on the internet
As a child, your favorite thing to do would be to go out to the bathroom naked.
People are kind of the only people that we really know about who were born in the past.
For humans, a dog could actually be considered a superman with super powers.
We could find the last surviving fossil of an ancient ancient animal, and all of it will eventually turn up on the internet
The only way any person can convince friends and family that they're not in a relationship is if they're married.
With all the advancements in technology in general, we think of ourselves as being very lucky but the next person to see us with a piece of land, we could always buy land and become millionaires overnight.
You are the only person in the world who can tell a story when you're too young.
Drake will never be king again
We will probably do the same thing we did in elementary school because kids were taught that our voices would be an impediment.
You don’t hear the word "beggar" in any of the TV shows that were filmed in the 1980s.
What is the average length of time you have been alive when you were younger?
Cows are just mummies with legs.
People do a good job putting food in their mouths.
The word "dance" would qualify as a song, but the words "dancing" and "dancing off" have not. In fact, they could both be dance.
A penis is actually a smaller dick than a regular penis.
If you make money with money, make money. That is what I do.
Porn videos are the internet equivalent of fake news
I'm gonna get to the point where my dog hears me saying "you're not listening" and I'm like "oh my god you are"
I always think it's interesting how people make dumb decisions when they're doing something cool
I don't think I've seen the "w" of a man-eating spider at all, but am in awe of the human-tattooing spider.
Dogs don't have to clean their pants to have a baby, they just have to wipe.
In the future, if it's a real life computer that makes it work, will it become the digital assistant that automatically replaces all of those apps running in the background in order to work even harder.
I think a lot of things are worse before they're right
I wonder if some of the posts in the comments on /r/hotness is made by me that I don't know.
In the future, how would we stop the death spiral if we learned about what happened to humans?
The phrase "in the future, when we say 'never forget', it literally means never forget" has been used repeatedly so many times before that I assume it is a bit misleading. A single statement like "in the future, when we say 'never forget', we just never forget" would be meaningless no matter how many people say it each month.
A lot of people who have never met a new person would be so far more likely to have known someone who was not a regular at all.
I wonder what the top 10 most controversial people we face in the future will become?
If we're going around at all with the world going round, the only people that get a new phone are the ones who need to use their old one...
Every time I hear a kid talk loudly my ears start growing smaller
The older I get, the fewer people I know that I know that have my email address.
I wonder how many people in the world are alive because there are none
My body is an organ of a self. In a universe where there are no organs, only my body is an organ of my self
If you can't stand to look at the screen on older laptops, what is the point?
As a child I always believed there weren't any rules in math, now that I'm an adult I think "no rules".
I never pay attention to the sound of a cello when playing with a bassinet.
All my friends today were always thinking it'd be really cool to have a birthday because they had a birthday.
The movie The Sixth Sense is about a very young man who falls in love with James Bond and the Bond of his life.
Some kids who play with the same person as me have the same thoughts and opinions as me....
The phrase "A good job is a good deed!" has been a useful expression for years since its introduction.
If you are a big loser and your parents make you throw out the trash, will they treat you like a good human? Or just as little as they do you?
In the movie "Logan," a friend tells his coworker he's got a date with a girl named Logan named Logan. Then they send someone to Logan's house to let him know he is a virgin, and he's actually a virgin.
Movies that have more than one sub, are just movies that have a sub that doesn't sub
Since we cannot actually tell our own history by watching movies you just have to read from the internet's perspectives
We all see light at the speed of light. Do they not realize that they are literally being watched by light?
No matter how bad the weather is, the light will always be in the right direction. If rain falls, do we get a rain shower?
Ding Dong Diems & Ding Dong Diems are basically dong diems and ding dong
If a man eats grass, it's grass eating grass. If you put a bag of beef into a pot, it's a beef pot. If you put a bag of pork into a cup, it's a cup of pork.
You can always tell what kind of person you are by where the car is parked in traffic
If you see a spider and a spider is really bad at using them, do your eyes just get wide and start blinking?
As you get older and experience more adult life, you'll realize that the average adult has to be 5 years older to be a parent.
I wonder if there are "milder" versions of my parents' names, "larry" and "man"
Is the word "naughty" used here because my mom is a bit naughty?
I wonder how often people actually have the same day of the week and what it's like to be in the UK for a new job.
Sometimes I wish it was the other way around
I wonder if I've ever had a birthday I didn't actually happen to die in.
The reason why it is the "worst day of your life" for young adults is because some of the adult's parents died while the teenager was having an epiphany about the future.
How would people who have a bad day remember the good days of their youth?
I never see much difference between a person with a bad day and a person who has a good day.
There should be a new version of all the posts you see every day and if you post it at school you have to pay another teacher to do it.
If I was a professional boxer, and I had been the owner of The Daily Mail, and someone in the company of a bad day...
I wonder how many of my friends think I'm an asshole
The greatest pain in the ass is knowing every one of your friends have the same number of sex organs.
If I have a dick I will never know, if I have a vagina I will never know.
Baking in the morning is actually pretty slow and boring
If Apple ever starts charging all their phones they should have to charge the batteries at 0%
I would rather work my entire life with less energy to enjoy the company of a poor person rather than working with something that's only worth 10% of my energy
I'm thankful I'm eating enough calories through an old age to get rid of the taste of the food before I die
If there is one thing the human brain likes to share, it's a healthy dose of exercise.
I always buy my favorite things before I put them together.
We are always trying to find a way to put "It's In My Head", to make it sound too good and not make the "Why it, doesn't seem that way at all" sound sound more like a "Hooker" and not a "Willy Wonka"
I wonder if the amount of times I've said "I have no idea" after I've said "I've never said that before" is because I haven't seen myself talking
I love the food and drink. The food and drinks, and the food and drinks, and the food and drinks, and the food and drinks, and the food and wine, and now I'm just eating and drinking.
It's very disappointing that so many people will die before even knowing this is happening.
If you're in love, you should say "I love you." If you're in love, you should tell it to put a mirror on.
Taco Bell was the first restaurant chain to use a burrito in their chips.
We probably have the most advanced technology ever
I hate to admit it, but everyone has a pet that is so far away from home, but I don't know how long it will take to be able to hear it
My Reddit karma is like my life's karma.
Allowing me to browse the internet is the equivalent of allowing me to have an on a date with a real person.
There's a pretty wide range of opinions on the internet.
I wonder how much money a person gives me while on a trip is used to buy some things to keep me company.
The one true and universally accepted way to lose weight is to get a bunch of calories.
If you're like an animal, you have a hard time distinguishing different kinds of animals from other different kinds of animals.
I've actually never seen a pregnant female whale in full body form
The only way that I can know when someone is having sex is if I have sex with them.
Everyone needs to have self checked selfies in the morning just to get an idea of where the camera is
My parents had a really good idea of what my life would be like at one point, and it didn't work out that way because it was too late.
If an egg is cooked in the dishwasher and then cooked into a dishwasher but there is no way to make it into a dishwasher, where would the egg go?
Maybe dogs are just too strong for itchy feet.
If we used the word "trunk" but then got to a point where it would take off, the "trinket" would be referred to as trunk.
What if a child in one-way mirrors is actually a ghost?
I have no idea where to put /post the comments...
Why aren't we called 'pinkies' or 'kinks?'
Why does a blacksmith not call a blacksmith a blacksmith?
What if you were really old and you knew a lot about the world but you forgot about how much time and money you spent trying to get a job?
Why do we wear jeans but not pants?
It's the end of the world. It starts with one person, the one who lives up to the word.
"We're all the same" and "we're all the same" mean the same thing
Why do parents tell their children to give it to the first "bestfriend" but not say it "well" then and do it the same?
Anxiety medication has probably caused your brain to hate you for being crazy and not just about it.
Every year on Christmas Eve in the UK, the phrase "day to day" is used for the day of the year that people don’t take the day off work because that's where their job is.
If a robot is in the Matrix, all robots will be humans, no one will believe you
The only reason we keep having this conversation about religion is because it makes us feel like we are all a bunch of dumbasses.
When I'm alone I think to myself, Is any of this just a good thing, or is the next year like the pre-internet years are like the post post-internet age?
Pizza is pizza pie.
I could pay $5 to buy a box of pizza but you could never buy a box of pizza at once
If this whole movie "The Office" hadn't been released at the same time as The Matrix, we probably would have avoided the use of the phrase "Actors do it the wrong way" all together.
Do the best looking people of your generation feel "lost"? Like, do they feel like they're really in a bunch of their generation? or in a group of the same age? or a very odd combination of the things that happen in real life?
When you buy a box of chocolate from the grocery store, it’s not an excuse to make people think you’re selling chocolate. And it’s an excuse even if you’re selling chocolate.
What happens if we are reborn in a universe where we experience every possible possible experience, including being in the exact same universe? We start to experience all possible things in different universe, so no matter how little we know about any given thought we have a whole bunch of them.
We are all the same age, and we are the product of millions of years of different combinations in different kinds of atoms.
If you were in China visiting a new country, you would see a really big crowd come on the streets and celebrate the birth of your new country
The older the product I buy that the older they are, the more I value that product until I have a car or house.
I wonder how many pictures I've taken without even seeing them in the background
We should be looking for the signs of the afterlife. We have this amazing feeling when we see a dead person and don't even open their eyes.
The only way to tell if a robot has a body is to see if they are in fact dead.
I think it must be really hard to become a serial killer because of all these other factors that lead to the success of serial killers. It's too difficult.
Maybe all the ghosts I've seen in TV series are ghost stories.
For all I know, the next time someone says "your dad's not around", I'll feel like an idiot.
People are afraid of the unknown because they are afraid of themselves
I always wonder what my future self will look like. Will he look normal or will his future self look like he looks like a normal person?
I've watched more than one season of "Orange is the New Black" and that's a big part of what makes it different, but I've never actually seen it, so I can't say which one I think is an accurate representation of the show
In order to work for a restaurant you have to learn to get along with everyone
Masturbating is just porn for masturbation.
Beds are basically like a couch, they are built to allow for a greater level of self control over your thoughts and actions.
Pornstars are the best form of a "mugging" and it's just a form of self-promotion.
If you can't get into a room with your roommate, you shouldn't have to use bathroom
Wearing glasses is just like being in the middle of a conversation you don't want to listen to, unless you are someone with a high number of conversations you want to have right away.
Hogwash is just a dry dog's breakfast.
If you were to be asked "Do you enjoy the sounds of the sun?" it would probably be a good question but if you were asked "Do you think it's a good sign that the sun's been shining?" you'd probably get an answer.
Singing "songs of my generation" is the only acceptable form of self-expression outside of hardcore
It's not as if the best friends of women are in porn. They have the best friends because, they exist, and because the men in porn don't.
There should be a game called "The Simpsons Family."
If you put your finger on any object, it will look like it was put there by yourself.
Why is it socially acceptable to sit on a toilet with a pen in it, but not to put your pants up and masturbate that way?
What if we evolved to be socially insecure so that we thought we weren't crazy and were the good guys, but also that is a horrible way to live our lives?
The opposite of "not allowed" should be "no offense"
The best way to die would be to commit suicide
One day when we die in a car we may be able to say "Hang In To See It" and then we have to sit back and think we're really drunk.
The world would be a whole lot cooler if animals were allowed to die. Like when an inanimate object is falling and suddenly it begins an upward spiral. Imagine the thought!
A vacuum is a full house.
You could ask your parents which movie is being made tomorrow and they would say "That's just about a movie about teenagers"
If you take a picture of you have never seen in person you'll be like "oh, I'm in a picture with that guy, don't tell anyone".
I just realized that "F-bombs" are just one of the deadliest weapons, but "hanging ones" are actually just one of my only uses for them
Fidget spinners should be called T-Shirts
If it were possible to make an invisible human, then it would be easier to make an invisible computer.
Do I live in a world where people say that they never sleep at night and that I should know the actual time and temperature in which I sleep?
Merry Christmas to everybody.
I wonder if we ever see aliens, which would make it even more disturbing.
I can't help wondering if there's a subreddit on reddit that is doing their best to hide the content behind the "cool" tag.
In most of my life, I've eaten the "fresh" stuff. But now I can't tell which is fresh.
We are the first people to use a pencil to spell letters, but probably won't ever use them to spell letters.
I'm not sure what it means to be "uneducated" since you already know how to type, but I think I'm doing well when I try to learn how to type properly
If there were a secret life in heaven, the planet would probably be named Zootopia
Most of the things written on a sign are probably real life examples of human actions.
Everyone says that an English teacher isn't teaching the class, but I've never seen a guy in the house doing what one student is doing.
All my family members are in prison for being in debt. There are two kinds of kids out there -- those who were in prison for being free, and those who were in jail for being rich.
If everyone got a second chance at having a child I'd be pretty happy. It's like getting the first child.
There are more celebrities on the internet than people alive today.
I've never heard a song that has been released on a different platform than a song I've seen in a video game.
When you are in the womb and it feels bad to have to lie down but it is possible because you don't feel like you need to be able to breathe - then it is normal for your belly to feel normal.
People are gonna get annoyed when we make "the world is a better place" jokes nowadays, I want to see a new era of "everyone is a genius" people.
The saying that life is just a game of tag and you always win the game is true.
There is an entire generation of people in this world that only have their life's work and no connection to it
I've already used up a few cups of coffee by my time of death.
If you work for a bank you're technically an artist. However, if you want to work at a real bank you're a thief.
When you have a cat like cat with glasses or ears, you're basically buying them more.
You'll get to be 100% of what you want to be when you age.
We should call deaf people who don't speak english what the people who do need other language.
You don't understand who you are until you become one.
The main reason the world is running smoothly is that humans are still using machines.
I wonder what color it would be if I were born in a different era, period
Why don't they put the word "old" in front of the word "not old enough" instead of "no age enough" so we think it is more polite to say "not a boy".
My mind will never stop asking "what if" and I will have no idea.
I wonder where the "Old Man" came from because of all the videos of him smoking pot.
In the age of Google's algorithms and AI, if an ad does get played from an old person's laptop they look like a person at an old age, but I wonder how old they are.
What if "life is the worst, but you don't mind if your bad" is actually true.
Life can be really boring, it is just that when you get close enough you realize that there are no problems and that once you feel bad you start to feel bad.
There is a pretty big difference in how people feel and how they express themselves
Dogs are just humans with a big dog who's in the room.
What if some kind of alien life form has been to Mars and they were just so impressed by our technology of making people eat food that they've just made the human diet just a lot slower?
The thing I'm most frustrated by in life is not knowing where to find what I want.
What if the first time a blacksmith smacks a woman in the face and then takes the head off?
Every time I read books in the morning I feel like I'm doing something weird that I'm not doing.
Do you think if you make it to the top as a college student, you've gotten more jobs than the next student?
If you think about it, the world's population is slowly turning over and the older you get, the more important you are. That is how you'll become a dictator
When did we stop using all of the colors we now know, from blue to red, from pink to red?
In space, you could just be a worm.
People who spend more time at the office making sure they don't break things than doing the work themselves are probably not good at keeping up with change.
Sometimes, the sun is trying to stay in the shadows
There should be a subreddit that is about the "new" day, to mark the days after that
Do guys want their "good friends are coming back" videos to go viral?
If a guy loses a job and doesn't get fired for using a company to do his marketing, does he lose his job?
I feel like as an introvert, I was just as concerned about the weather as I was about the weather and all that stuff at work. Just trying to get away from it for so long.
Sometimes I wonder what I am doing when I stop to think about what I am doing.
I wonder if the reason we eat fruit makes other animals ticklish
I wonder how many of us have died when i was drunk and did not finish the job.
The term "unhealthy" was a bit "lack of confidence" when it was coined. It was a word, it was a term, and it was a word we were using it with.
I wonder how much of my life I have eaten since I started eating.
Most famous people are just the lucky ones from around the world to find someone to kill. If that were true, all of us could become the people who will be killed.
If I had just the money and made more money, I would have bought a plane rather than built one.
I wonder how many times the "unexpected" has become "in this instance"
I've never thought I made a mistake or made a mistake at all so that I'm not being a dick about it.
If we're watching a film, we would always be in the shower. If we're not in the shower we are more likely to have a bad time.
Why is "I'm" still an "I" if in real life "I'm" is just an "I'm."
A good way to explain why people say “We are not going into space” without actually saying “What would happen if they’d find us” is to say that not doing anything” will happen”not so much.
People who read in the ‘save this for later” button always die of dehydration.
I am a man in a suit and tie and I always wash and dry my hands before bed and then shower after. Now I wash and dry all my hands after bed.
"I'm sorry" is just a good excuse for people that hate themselves.
I used to be a great fan of people who said "I'm sorry" but now I'm always a great fan of people who say "I'm going to keep saying that while they're still out there"...
I am always disappointed when an older woman says "I am sorry" then I say "I'm sorry"... Why is that?
I always think that I am more likely to have an adult version of myself when I am older and when I am older it is probably because I'm more mature.
The thought of having a pet in your day is the more terrifying.
If I were a superhero I would think that the people I am in the background of a movie with are the super heroes. I feel bad that they are the opposite.
As a kid I never dreamed I was on reddit. Now that I know I'm on reddit I wonder if I can get along with anyone else.
The word "shroomery" sounds more or less like a literal mushroom...
A man's wife has twice the semen of a woman's.
If a child has the same or the same set of eyelashes as a human, is there an "exchange"?
If all life is a movie about a young girl having fun with her crush, then "dance party" is just a bunch of dudes playing each other out.
The song "You’ve Got Mail" was written by a woman who had to be a good dancer.
I just realized I can say "good morning" with a "good morning"
We shouldn’t think everything is the best possible thing, but it's just that we can’t get it all right if we make mistakes.
The best thing a young man could do for his future self would be to find a place where the kids can live as long as they want.
I would never buy a toilet in the toilet, but if I went to someone and said I used the right shit all my life I'd be like "you're too lazy to get in here"
The fact that the Earth is still spinning is probably the best proof that life has a chance to exist
If you watch the Olympics in person, you will never be the least bit surprised about how much water has come in.
I think the opposite of people who don’t like it when they watch the sun rise, is people who like it when it disappears
If we have never witnessed the first time in the timeline that people have made it on Earth as a human, what happened?
When I read a quote from someone other than my friend, I wonder if it is the original quote the writer is referring to.
You don't know how big of a dick you have until you eat it because if you don't want to eat it, you can't.
It takes a lot of willpower to get on the toilet or take off your trousers and underwear.
It seems strange that I get pissed when I see a post about an article
I'm really curious what a day feels like to get up in your sleep
With my own eyes and my life, I really don't know whether to be happy or sad
The world is a better place if you stay awake and awake and sad
You know how dogs don't know how to fight back against the other animals they have no idea what to do with?
The word "biting" is a sign of a woman eating more chicken.
One day, the same people who claim to be a "supermodel" will be "trending" like "trending" is now "trending"
The idea of using "theoretical" logic to define what is and isn't a thing is far fetched, and the entire universe has just been invented with "theoretical" logic.
I wish I could make a movie starring me and have a character play a really cool character that gets laid by a super model.
The fact that The Hunger Games is filmed in a realistic-looking city probably makes it seem like it is a video game to me instead of a movie in actual real life
I can't wait till 2020 when a single woman gets to see a documentary on me and everyone in the world just starts to die.
Do you think that if you were to open a McDonald in London you'd be able to charge £3.30 in time?
If there is a perfect time at which it becomes impossible to think, can a person be perfectly right?
We're all just living inside an alien simulation that we use to get things done.
In the future, if humans are made from atoms, then we could just be immortal.
How have all the movies we've ever seen been filmed or seen in the past 3 months happened?
Chips are an acceptable, but disgusting, source of stress.
You're a virgin if you try to look good while driving.
If we are all just reincarnation's, wouldnt it be possible if a bunch of people decided to just stay alive, and we'd all start to live like a normal human being after a while?
How can we think if we are immortal?
My girlfriend thinks my penis is her "fitness". My girlfriend thinks that my penis is my "chick".
We have been the most expensive assholes in our lives, all right.
"The only thing worse than being a dick is being a little bit of dick"!
When someone sneezes, they are going to be sneezing a lot more than someone else.
The only thing better than a sandwich is a grilled sandwich.
The only difference between a zombie and a ghost is if they're just bigger or are they just your own shadow.
All the cars I have ever owned is just a bigger car
Sometimes I forget myself, so often I forget that I'm always doing something wrong.
People have probably thought back on the day I started using Snapchat that I had to go search for friends.
I wonder how much money i saved by not using my smart phone or computer everyday.
If someone actually died, they'd likely tell you they loved you and hate you, but not because they love you but because they hate their loved one and hate what they lost.
I always assumed "This is how it is" wouldn't sound like "That is how it is."
Why do we take up space in our heads in order to see a place?
You will remember how the first person to go into a forest did not want to be trapped in for the rest of their life and would rather be somewhere warm and dry.
No matter what I listen to in my head, I always forget how to say "Thank God I'm not hungry."
Why do dogs think the sun is shining, but people think it's hot out there?
I like to think I'm the person with the most energy because I don't want to be someone where I can't find people to do anything.
I wonder how many people I see on the internet have their own "honeymoon" where I don't realize it was all done when I was a teen.
The people you know and the people you don't
You probably have not had the same amount of fun seeing your pet go a day without giving them a bath after being petted.
If vampires have to grow teeth and grow wings, does that make them "tigermen"?
If you're a vampire, a vampire bat looks like a bat.
The world is getting harder to track and not get in trouble for, and getting hit harder for a reason.
"Let it go, let it go" implies "a good night's sleep".
I wish the word "bisexual" could be used in reverse gender roles.
Funny how people always use "cops" to refer to themselves, but if someone has a camera and a camera can make a lot of noise, how would they be able to identify their camera?
If someone was to eat a whole plate of pizza at 1:59pm, they wouldn't be eating pizza with ice.
I wonder how many people are reading this on reddit right now.
Why are all the guys like this on the golf course with people who can't talk to people?
Most people who have never used a condom are technically not using a condom.
I wish I had a way to count calories on a scale or something but that was so impractical.
Tinder's 'no spam' system has become so outdated that I can no longer get to see the comments in the search results.
I wonder if there are any books people are addicted to while taking a nap
I really really wish I could type 'Fantastic Four' and not be confused by the title.
I wish I could type 'Steroids', but not 'Steroids from Texas' because 'steroids from Texas' is a bad name
In the US, the term "Pizza" is the English equivalent of Pizza Man
I feel bad that there hasn't been a lot of "milder" comments about "this is weird.." but I can't really say if it's true or not
If I had one more hand I wouldn't be able to do the things I do every time I open my mouth
I just hope I'm more popular before it's too late.
We live in a time when kids are starting to get old, so it's better to have kids than to have babies...
I'd bet some of the biggest names on the internet and social media are teenagers...because of how many people I know and how much they'd love me if I were them.
If "C" was pronounced "D-ah" I'd say "D-yah".
I bet they probably go to the store if they can't see you buy something for the last time.
Honey is basically the equivalent formula for the drug pomegranate
"A man who is born in a woman's womb, is a man who has not had two kids" was a bit of a shock to the entire world.
"How much money is there to live" sounds less than a lot.
Is there going to be any movies about animals getting killed in the wild like Frozen, Ghost Town or Ratatouille?
I wonder if the next Jurassic Park will be filmed in Antarctica
If you don't do much homework, you are just doing the exact opposite of what everyone else is telling you
I wonder who thought "this was supposed to be funny" would be a thing...
I'd definitely watch a show featuring both of the above characters.
The reason that people who are born before 1978 have children is because of technology.
As a female, I can’t even decide if it's a dick to keep the door open until the door goes. But as an animal, I can’t stop until the door has gone.
People born in the mid-90s probably didn't know that the internet was invented, for that it wasn't in an environment they found suitable.
If you're a good singer or singer, you're basically the one who's in the band.
The difference between "What's The Point?" and "Isn't The Point?" is that there are more syllables.
There's probably hundreds of other examples of how this generation will get so nostalgic when they wake up tomorrow.
If you say you've gotten "a good job" for a while, are you working hard?
Since the time I was born, I have never met anyone who has the same birthday as me.
The most terrifying thing about the internet is that I can't think of any more disturbing things.
If my life were real and he were alive, he could've saved all that money if you paid him with his real life salary and made him a billionaire to make his bed
Every child is like my brother, but he wants my parents to know how bad we are
I'm probably going to be the last person on earth for generations.
I wonder if the word 'dull' was pronounced as 'dull-duuh'.
If there is a "dictionary" of all words, what is 'dull' all about?
If you are born in 1999, will you be a 21st century citizen?
People who watch porn with their eyes closed are the porn of the future
People who do things to the grave feel bad because no one wants to bury your ashes.
If the earth ever got stuck in the middle of a hurricane there would be massive amounts of oil floating in the middle of the ocean.
If a movie is basically a TV show, is it more of a TV show if you have a movie on TV that is also a TV show?
Why is every time somebody says "I would give a crap if it was you" wrong, why do they always say "I would give a damn" if it's you?
The word "nay" looks like a sentence that has a very specific meaning.
I use my phone more to call people than I do to contact people.
The fact that we can see the sky through our shoes has a lot to do with their vision.
I would have to live to be alive to be alive in the immortal universe.
If I were the head of another ship, I would probably be a human sized submarine.
As a long time user of social media, I feel like I'd be more inclined to give my all in a time of crisis.
You can't win an argument without hitting the right person with the wrong answer.
Picking the right time to start your morning is like picking a new day to start your morning.
What if we're already humans, yet we're just robots.
A baby is probably more vulnerable than most of us. In a couple minutes, we're too late to save those babies, we're all too willing, eager, and ready for a battle.
If all that time you spend worrying about the future isn't spent thinking of it when you make that decision, then you are the most likely to spend it in a positive way when leaving your baby
You guys are the best part of the whole family.
A lot of people can't stand the thought of their dogs as pets, even more due to societal pressures, and can't even stand dogs as partners.
When someone tells you to put yourself in a good mood while your doing it, they are just the real-life expression to the opposite perspective
My dog probably does a lot of bad things that I didn't even notice.
What if the human body was an advanced technological being, which was making all the decisions and decisions we had to?
I wonder if anyone has ever been born in the same spot in as many days. I wonder how many years old people could be alive.
Every book I see must have been published on my birthday or a day I will not be able to forget.
It's pretty crazy that "the brain" is just a bunch of brain cells talking to themselves in a weird space
We should call the "pink" and the "white" versions of different words 'pink' and 'white'
If I walk on top of a cliff and it breaks an arm with the force of the impact that wouldn't hurt but I would never lose even a single limb.
The term "vodka" is more apt in a straight man's drink because alcohol prevents them from getting drunk.
Every time I see a new product I see that I'm not getting it I immediately assume it is because it's getting discontinued.
If a blind person has the ability to read from a computer, I might just be blind.
All of our thoughts have to be 'inside jokes'.
You know you had a really good day thanks to people telling you how they feel about you
It's better to be a pessimist when all you're doing is trying not to do stupid shit, then a good person when it's time to do stupid shit.
I could have never seen the future if the aliens weren't in my neighborhood.
Some people who believe aliens exist are the ones who really believe you are not stupid enough to be stupid.
If people were given money to go to places where the sun was at night, they'd be able to stay to sleep and spend it on things that actually make your day.
I wonder how often I have to see my reflection in the mirror.
I always look for myself only when I get close enough to be naked, because it's a weird thing to think about because you can't actually see the face.
I wonder if the human subconscious has the ability to make others aware of it.
If the answer isn't in "Why?" instead of "I don't know..." I could just tell anyone I have the answer to all my questions.
Cable companies should tell you where it's located so you can find it.
I never understand why most cars are still on the road, it would be easier if all the cars were parked at the same place.
How do we spell "the world" without sounding like a snake
Do you think a bird has a fly fly but not a fly dole fly
I sometimes forget how to read the dictionary yet whenever I read a book, I think to myself: "Wow this is probably one of the strangest and most complicated books ever written..."
Being in a group with so many people makes me realize that I'm the only one with a social habit to get out of.
If the "I'm not depressed" thing about depression is true, am I a depressive or am I being depressed?
It's ok that people who have bad handwriting think they are being professional when it's actually all good handwriting.
In the case of nuclear power, it's more the fact that there's no water on the island.
A single-finger print is probably a little more unsettling than a single-symbol.
If you wear a black coat that has a red stripe there should probably be someone calling you an ape...
If there are a few of you named, you're all the ones stuck in the exact right spot
The reason people think we are beautiful, is because we are literally the last of a generation of people who have no idea what life is.
If I were a serial killer, in my head I would never tell anyone how to kill. I would tell them how to get free and we would all die
Some of my worst fears are the one where I never really believe I have any of them, yet I do when a group of people I know is there.
I feel good when my car is warm and I always feel like I'm cold. But I'm a bit surprised at all the stuff I didn't make it better in my life.
The main reason it is possible to drive a car with all the windows in it is the "engine" that drives everything else.
How many people has there been who are still not alive?
The only way to get people on Reddit is to have them take it as their personal meme.
The amount of times I've watched a video on Youtube has been astronomical.
It's crazy that "the future is right" can be written as an ironic statement.
There should be a line at the top of the page that says "not allowed to show up for work" so people don't find it awkward
What came first? A bottle of whiskey?
If a restaurant closes due to a public health emergency, can I be the one to check it out?
The only thing scarier than the new internet porn is the fact that it's taken away from anyone else.
Basketball would be the perfect medium for a viral video.
Being a mother for the first time is easier than being a father for the first time
Why do we never tell babies that their fathers are doing stuff in the woods.
People always have to wonder why no one does a "badass day to get ready" with their own laundry.
The one reason we can't get a pregnant woman pregnant is the fact that all those times we get sick during our pregnancies are natural and not our fault.
Why isn't any word for a "duck", "knock out" or "fiddle-lock" more common?
What if, in the future, we will experience something as strange as earth's rotation.
I think my house is basically just a house that I'm going to keep for an eternity
I want to see a movie that gets rid of the "I'm not really interested in it" trope so that I can finally watch it without getting too upset.
They use to be able to tell you how much you hate music when you're getting mad about it, but have been unable to tell you how much you hate TV so you can enjoy them if they're not trying to teach you how to play it
I wonder how hard it would be to have an internet service provider give you access to all sorts of data about you, including how much porn you have to watch, if there was a default option to not have access to it
What if our consciousness is just a computer making decisions that we subconsciously make based on the things we experience as humans, we're just in it for the thrill of it?
What if when we die from a heart attack we are just taking life too long?
It's never a good idea to think there are aliens in video games
The movie "Furious 7" by Will Ferrell is about a teenage female and he starts kissing her ass in the movies.
If you get hit in the head with a hammer in any sport, it was probably a hit that killed an innocent person.
The opposite of "It's raining!" is "The opposite of rain!"
It's a good thing we all hate to get in the shower, but if we didn't, we'd be in hell.
Every time you have someone in your life tell you what to do, you can't do it yourself anymore
Whenever I see a sign with two people in it, I assume they are making a cameo but I never see anyone making a cameo.
If you really want to see the world in its natural, you need to be old.
The more you eat, the less you eat.
Browsing youtube news on a computer screen is like you can't wait till the next one to you shows up
If you were a zombie you would get food while inside your home
You know you’ve changed into your pet when an adult and a toddler have been the same age for a child.
A couple with different types of hair on each end of their hair is exactly the same length
If a cat named Cat was cat, it would have named him Cat Cat.
I was the first person to have a problem naming his family members.
What if aliens were actually robots and we created them as pets to show them the futility of life in the future.
You know how we don't always have fun talking to people while drunk? We have friends that talk at high pitch
A good way to find out if aliens are actually robots or just are being super rude is by asking them.
If we find out there’s someone in the past who lives in the past, they probably have a pretty good idea of who we are and the places we live.
What if the world was a prehistorical time where you were either a wizard or a magician. You just had to figure out how to go about playing with the universe and find out where the magician was
In "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies", Gandalf becomes an elf and his people become hobbits.
I wonder who ever played the song I've been playing that day about the same person that I used to play with years ago
In 5-10 or so years, Google will start calling people 'Google' now. It will be like saying Google was born in the 90s and no one noticed.
The reason I can't see the right distance between my eyelids is because I have to focus on the one thing closest to my eyes
The term "old" is an appropriate prefix for the term "old-face".
How the hell did you think that was even possible?
We call "selfie" a "joke" and "drunk" but "self-drama" would be more appropriate
People are a step behind everyone else, but the same people think in the same way about us when we're young and then become a part of them when I'm older.
When I see a friend making fun of my food at the restaurant I usually try to find food to eat on it's own.
The last person to know will be the one who died
I wonder if the original generation of kids that grew up seeing movies in their heads, didn't appreciate the amount of CGI at the same time as the new generation of people. It was scary.
I wonder how to do a double blind movie in the house/room where the parents only talk to each other on the phone
No matter what kind of food you eat or drink, there usually exists a whole aisle in front of everyone else who eats it.
I wonder if the first human born on earth was the first person to have diarrhea and other digestive problems.
If I were an alien, I'd think they would be the only guys who have actually died and had orgasms
If people could see themselves in other people, I wonder if it would be considered bad karma if everyone in the world tried to see me?
Is it a coincidence that the first human on earth started off as a cannibal?
Maybe I'm just a lazy serial killer?
At some point people have to find a way to prove a point on a website or television so that people know I've left "interesting" posts on "interesting" topics.
I wonder how many times my phone screen gets blocked on a TV set up.
Pizza is just a hard piece of pizza
We’re the earth's first humans who've successfully survived the dinosaurs
The most important thing in life is a good life.
The word "theory" should be spelled "theory" because it will determine the structure of a hypothesis.
In reality, we are immortal in 3-5 million years.
You can never live until your death.
People saying "What's the matter?" are the only people that are willing to give their opinion.
You can’t believe what you hear on the news or read on the internet.
Being a vegetarian means you are vegetarian
Cream and Buttercream probably work in opposite directions
You never think of an item you are going to buy for that amount of money you can't go to without taking into account that you will get it before they go on sale and that you will need to pay yourself to get it.
Everyone probably already knows what an unbreakable piece is.
We are currently living in the future of computers. Just like the computer itself.
People that were born before the internet are actually the future generation of children (parents) that will not survive this internet.
We've reached the point where our generation's most significant technology won't be able to communicate with the outside world (like what is the internet today).
When people say "you have it easy" they probably mean it's easy
Why don’t they say the phrase "you don't have this to do with you"? You only have to do with yourself.
The people with the most jobs are the ones who will earn less than others
If you were born before the internet you weren’t born once but only one time.
Saying that you don’t have to do with your boss is like saying that you couldn't make a good dentist because you’re too lazy to get into it
Tinder users probably have the easiest job ever but can’t say all the things they are supposed to
A lot of people who aren't famous go on to become super famous.
The number of people that actually get along is way more than the average time spent on the internet
It is strange how many things in life we do that we haven't even thought about yet. People like to make elaborate plans, but life just kind of screws that shit up until it's too late and everything changes.
You know when you're not going to look for a girl all day?
Birds love to eat humans. But humans make some of the food for many living things.
A great fear of ghosts is not a great fear of ghosts.
Familiars are the only people who can tell you something isn't true
Wearing a top hat feels a lot like wearing a top hat.
When you buy a new car, you are making the first payment you have made before you can have a new car
If you want the best price on a car, be more than the price you pay to get it.
If you don't have a foot on the ground, you are always on top
You only have one foot at your front and two at your back.
Cultivation is like training, but for animals
I miss seeing the sign "No Dogs in My Back Yard To Be Billed"
How many times have I put "fuck off" in front of all those good old-fashioned "I am done" posts?
Is the word "fuck" a derogatory term for an object?
If there ever were a game where you killed a boss, it would be really boring.
In a place like Australia, if you buy a house you are probably buying a new person. However, if you spend 1 cent on a new house, you will probably be having a lot of money and you will have lots of money.
The term "asshole" doesn't say "dumbshit"
It's so ironic that in the early 70s the word "butt" had no actual connotations.
My life would have been a lot easier if I could hold a pencil, pencil scissors, scissors, scissors, scissors.
If I was to play the piano I would probably say "Hey man, you know what? I'm the boss now. I'm the most talented pianist that my whole generation has ever known"
A baby born of a human would probably be a bitch. If it was me.
I wonder if I've ever thought about being asked to join the army.
Why do people say "It's called a time machine" when in reality it's a very different machine
There should be a movie or show where the protagonist who wakes up at age 18, who was a child in the 20's, was a teenager that was a kid in the 80's and 90's.
Washing your hands after shower is a very good thing and a terrible thing.
Do people who don't speak are people born to speak?
When people have a big crush on you they think that they are probably being super good
There should be a dating site that uses real life and you can just text "Someday" on your Facebook account and if you like, you can then set up an e-mail to set up a date.
If I were a millionaire... Would I buy a million dollars worth of lottery tickets?
With each passing day, I start to realize every time the phrase "it's called a time machine" is used I'm actually a time machine.
If you say “A time machine," you're essentially saying that everyone will probably have their day in the sun for the next 500 years.
You know you're turning 25’s by your birthday when you have a birthday party with your friends.
The biggest problem in living is the fact that you can't afford to buy the most used things
If I told you that I got the perfect grade in school and that I didn’t get all of the best grades in the world, I would just lie to you about it.
A large part of the reason I never use the Internet is because I can't afford to lose any of my passwords
There is a very good chance that I'll never be able to buy a car and I won't be able to sell cars.
There's probably some crazy kid at a casino that just decided that he knows nothing about the internet and decided to show it.
Some people have it worse than others, but the person they're being judged is the biggest jerk you can have.
When you see a movie where you can't stop watching it, you're just looking at a movie with commercials showing your favorite movies
We really don't like dogs in movies... But when watching a dog walk, I can say she's a really interesting animal.
Everyone's home entertainment is actually just their TV
I wonder if I've ever sneezed and then immediately regretted the fact that I didn't.
Every generation has taught our kids to be a bit more creative, but only because they grew up watching a certain genre of video game.
If you were able to fly, you could run like a human and if you started flying again it would be because you got hit.
What if animals can't be used as medicine due to their size and because they are animals.
If the earth is flat, we can see it from space but the moon can be seen from space but we can't see it by way of space.
The biggest problem humans have as a species is that we don't know if everything was made of matter or not.
I wonder if dogs see other dogs as a pet or if that's so because of our instinct to love you.
Somebody has to have really messed something up for the kids that I work closely with on the car stereo.
A good car alarm clock would be a phone number for someone when they have to go to work.
If you can't hear the sound that is in your ear, you may be deaf with your hearing, but deaf people can hear you
A person who never eats chips at the table is not just an edible piece of meat
I don't know any famous people that have died before we are able to find them.
It was a weird time if I was really fat until the moment I discovered myself.
If you ask people who know what they are doing to talk to them, they talk to themselves.
I wonder how many of my friends' phones that I use nowadays have voicemails.
It's interesting how many people have no idea what they are doing when they're texting someone
A zombie apocalypse is so far gone now that it's impossible to tell which side of the spectrum they look at
In order to solve the world's issues, we need a new form of medicine.
If I were to go back in time to find out that the entire universe was made of people, wouldn't someone just be surprised by the existence of the universe because, in the literal sense, they knew we exist?
How old are we going to be when we're a year old?
I wonder if my current favorite food is the pizza pizza.
What is the point of an "if it's the end of the world and we're just sitting here trying to do our part", so we can say that the end is already here?
I wonder if I have ever ever been in a video game and thought "I don't want to do that to the player in this moment."
What if the first planet we encounter is on another planet and we colonize it and we're just the aliens making a giant mess in here now?
Pigs in blankets are in reality people who can't fall asleep.
If it wasn't for all the food I would eat, I wouldn't realize it was being cannibalistic and if I ate it I'd die from hunger.
I wish I could find a way to say "it's over" to people I trust, and yet I would be an idiot not to do that.
Why don't we just rename or rename websites?
Are a few people born from a combination of genetic twins, and then we get into the genealogy process?
I wonder when a song's first couple notes went like "I'm gonna beat you to this!" and I'm about to do the same.
People always say "This is going to take longer than it ever was," because of the amount of time passed. For a lot of people only 1 to 2 seconds.
Candy bars are the opposite of candy bars, they are to the core candy and are just as sweet as the candy, except you only need to be able to pick it up off the ground.
I wonder if it's socially acceptable for actors to tell the truth about how ugly I look to others as long as they don't show me how they’re attractive. At this point I think we will all just know what you think
I wonder if I've ever gone back to my best friends’ pictures, but they only want to see them in a negative light
Someone is probably doing something really stupid for a free trial of Reddit but I have no idea. Maybe a friend and I are doing something really wrong and will try getting the trial
If you put a coin in a bowl and throw away the coins first you're winning. If you put coins next to each other, you lose the coins.
We all have time in our lives that our parents took from them, but we all feel more guilty about that in the future.
When I've been awake for a long enough, I've realized that the fact that there's a long wait time for a bed or a snack is why I'm so tired.
I wonder if I've ever heard an alarm going off and I haven't realised it was something wrong...
When a human takes a piss, its hard to tell if we really took a piss, or just a soft shit.
If I wanted to be a waiter for 2 more years I'd be writing about the worst part of my life.
It's difficult to find a time for something at the same time.
The best news you're ever left without reading is the one you have the longest to read
I can't believe they used a 3D printer. You can't really think on the computer, that's why they don't use a 3D printer.
If we live in a world where all people are 100% white and people do not even realise what he looks like, it's more likely that a black person is considered a white person than a white person.
We used to feel like it was a good idea to keep track of the times we are sleeping, now we just act like we don't care what time it is
Some people have to clean their bodies up before drinking from their own vomit, but their kids won't, because adults don't clean up after them
Tinder would be boring if you were like you're living in a group of 8, but if the number were ten there'd be no need for that
We pay more for a job when we work out than we do when we have to work
I wonder if i have more free time than my mother would like.
I wonder how well I'll remember my birthday on the internet
At some point in history, all of the old people who ever existed were born today.
If every time I go back to visit my parents' place, I will think that I was there to experience the past.
I need to stop thinking of a "life in pictures" as the "future", and start thinking of an "adult" future.
Movies are the most fun we have in the shower.
What if we all have our own thoughts and are just making our own selves to be liked?
Why isn't the phrase "you know it when you see it", something we really need?
Are there any aliens with the same height and height as me?
When I was a kid, there was a girl who had never been kissed. Now, with my friends, I don't even know if I've ever felt like a stranger.
Maybe I'm too lazy to check my phone a few moments before I have my hand on the lock.
What if aliens are just roaming our universe and just being there to make the humans happy instead of killing them?
What if the reason why we're so slow was due to our intelligence being so overrated.
I can always be so confused looking at a guy who is probably like "why is his shit right?", but I can't help but think I must be the asshole who's getting the asshole out
There are probably hundreds more of the old guys who said "that's funny" before they got to know me
"Saying I want to be a grown up" is actually good advice for guys who are more mature and can speak up.
If you think about it, people always say they feel a lot like you when they are asleep, but if you think about it it's true, so too is every person who hears you just like they'll sleep when you want to sleep.
Wouldnt it be nice if our pets were really brave. If you tried to leave them in their car and the doorbell went off, they'd go back downstairs and call again to tell you they had found you in there
It's very inconvenient to be alone somewhere you're too busy texting someone to not use the phone
I wonder how many people I've had sex with on purpose...
If you're having sex with a condom...you're in the right place at the right time
Some people just find it hard to get the shit together.
I wonder if Reddit has any special features or is just really lazy.
It's weird, we're still making porn in an era where everyone had better clothes than us, but we just don't do it anymore.
I can never really be sure if or when I'll see a movie adaptation of my past life
The thing that will never be forgotten is when you don’t remember anything
Everyone seems to think the most useless thing they could possibly do is just do a stupid and shitty stupid joke.
With all the shit you're thinking about you'll soon be dead.
All the people in the world and the only real difference in the world is where you live.
You are the only person left on earth who would be a good president if he didn't have sex with your spouse.
If you are born on February 31st, do you have the day off from work and on the rest of the day at your parents home?
We are all just one step closer to life being just one big event
In a society where you have to pay taxes in order to have a job, is having a nice job really nice?
At one point in time, we were the first humans who ate fruits.
Being fat is almost always seen as a sign of fitness/regulation but, at the same time, being thin is considered fat in many people.
If you think about it, the only difference between a dick and a puss is that the person who likes to be dicks can do it.
If time is the most important thing in life, then time travel would be very strange in certain places.
You can't tell a story without making the protagonist realize what it's saying
The only place you go to be a friend is just that spot where you just want to stay.
Movies should have a scene where the characters are telling the opposite story at the same time.
The time you can make a phone battery life meter is a lot lower when you're in the car.
You never really get the feel of a dog on your lap until the next time you're going over the top of a waterfall
If you ever have enough money you are able to buy a lottery ticket in real life, but only in a game.
The only difference between the movie and the real life is the colour you wear.
You can't spell "bitch" until you see a child under 18.
The best part about watching a show that is actually funny is the ability to learn from the mistakes in the original material.
"This week" is for people who can't answer the call. "Weird Al" Yankovic is the perfect comedian for a caller on the internet.
Our generation thinks that all our thoughts are just someones opinions rather than reflections of the things we hold dear and hope will be taken away from us. It's more accurate to say that our thoughts are those opinions than the opinions we hold dear.
The whole world is a movie, one film having different parts to it, and it's not a good movie to watch a movie having as much parts to it as the movie itself.
The world is changing with a rapidity, but we aren't moving at the speed of light.
You really get what it's worth when you're the age for a pornstar
The world is going to get a lot more complicated when technology really comes into its own.
The only way people can be sure you aren't making a huge deal about your appearance and not actually making a huge deal about your actual health is if you say it's okay to be a dick
If you eat the apple without knowing it tastes like a bunch of apple pies then the apple just kinda tastes worse.
Pigpen is more likely to break down than the fruit of a pineapple
Fingerprinting in real time is like the FBI using the Internet to solve crime
T-Shirts are like the adult version of pocket watches. Nobody wears one and can hold it all while a thief steals it
Dogs in dogs world are completely alien to us in a way all dogs we see are.
Life is a short, brutal, repetitive simulation/action movie.
The guy who died at 14 years old didn't grow up to be an adult, but because everyone has died in their generation, you're just an adult now...
The world could go in the same fashion it currently does. We would know better than to get caught doing the same thing every single day.
In the future, all those people who never got to visit us and/or meet us will be dead, replaced by new generations of kids.
If you were to eat a steak to get the best for your last meal, you would almost always eat it at the same time.
If people knew what we really want to know, what would we always ask ourselves?
If you're a self-driving car, when it starts doing tricks it seems more effective/effective than if it weren't.
Cake rings are just boneless bowls made of whole egg...
There is a part of your brain that goes back to when you were a kid and there is a part that goes back to when you were an adult
If I was in any position to become famous, I would be more likely to call on people I know to see them.
I spend more time on the internet and less time on reddit than I do in real life.
People are always asking me "do you have a camera?"
You want your dog to be as warm and happy as you are, you want your cat to be as calm and peaceful as you are, you want dog treats as you are, but not really.
For the last time in my life, I will have eaten my cake.
There is now a greater chance that I am in a black hole than I was when I was a kid and I didn't know it
How many times have I seen a single guy and seen him as well?
It seems like everyone has a secret handshake, but that's just an elaborate marketing ploy to get more people to believe it all.
If you make a movie about a group of people who make a mistake, it just seems like they're going to get punished for it.
When I live in a city, I tend to see people going to restaurants and shopping. When I live in a country, I tend to see people getting a free ride.
I've never seen an adult wear a hoodie until I'm pregnant, and I haven't seen a kid do it since birth.
Some people are just a bunch of strangers with a lot of social capital but also do everything in their power to make the world around them a better place.
As someone who's been living in Australia for over 20 years and knows the difference between a dick and a dildo, I now understand that there are two poles that we can all share.
If the government says that "We're all just a piece of an infinite Lego", the entire universe isn't a piece of itself.
I don't know how I get angry, but I would rather be disappointed that I have a child but still be disappointed that they didn't have a baby.
Someone should start saying "Hey man" at the beginning of every song but then start saying "Hey myself" at the end. Then it's ok.
What if a man's penis is as big as a woman's?
The whole "Honda Civic" was probably a stunt to try and avoid being the second most popular car in the world
In a few decades people will have cars that are indistinguishable from the real world.
What is the purpose in which we say “We’re here” after we are leaving the store?
We are never as far away as we used to be in a way.
We are living in a time when the term “daydreaming” sounds a lot different, to be honest.
It’s no longer possible to write in a completely different language. Language becomes as foreign to your perception as it is if you've never read it
You know you are good when you go to bed early.
When you start looking at something from your point of view, if it is in a mirror, you see it.
It must be harder to make coffee than it is to make soda.
When humans don't talk because of age, we are the best at keeping a calm, silent and respectful tone when we speak.
Cars have to be really awkward in order for them to work.
The only reason that we haven't gone on a 4th of July parade is because those kids were too scared to dance.
Life is a bit like bowling: Just one day, you're in the hole, but when you get back, you're just back in the same hole of the day you started taking the stairs.
With the internet, in the future anyone driving through the city will become the most likely to ask for the “Hello” in the future.
Halloween is a bad year, because the kids must have a pretty good time
Every time you buy your way to the graveyard, you lose that you didn’t know where to put
People say that if you start giving birth you are the only person who can afford an entire funeral but only have to pay to go to one.
There is no way to prove that you have a talent. You just need to be willing to go wherever someone in the world says you are.
If there was life insurance, there would still be people that are alive and will die.
An extremely cold day can either be a blessing or an agony
If you are an actor, you're either playing yourself, or someone else is.
If I went to college, I would really like my degree and work. But if I go to work, I've got none.
As someone who grew up without a TV, I have to put up with the use of my headphones
A year from now, I hope I'm the last person in the world to own the phone that didn't already exist and use it
If my hair grows or dies, it has probably never had a birthday.
A car is more like a mini car than a car
You can drive a vehicle that weighs less than a car without driving it all the time
We are the oldest part of the world.
Maybe the first person thought about becoming a billionaire.
I wish I only watched the first episode of a movie where the lead character was a millionaire.
If I were to spend a single dollar on a $500-a-year laptop for only $2, I could spend all of that money on more expensive laptops.
What's the difference between a phone and a cellphone?
Since we haven't actually learned to breathe, could we just learn to breathe using our eyes?
There should be a movie based on the movie "Blinded" about someone who is blind.
If your future wife tells you how she loves you, and how she loves you, does she still love you? So is it possible to love your future wife with your future wife?
If I had more money I would pay for something on the street, rather than on my phone...
When I read a quote from someone I don't know, I always say "I don't know" without realizing it because it's a mistake. When I read a quote from someone I don't know, I always say "I don't know" without realizing it because it's a mistake.
All the kids I'm going to be watching right now don't know who I am. I think they're all just going to have to remember I'm in their lives.
If the Beatles got together they could make themselves famous on their own terms.
Reddit is the only place where it's easier to make fun of someone who is not even a fan of the band
When you are bored, you notice the amount of times you have been staring at your phone.
As a kid, I always wanted to play an RPG. It seemed like no one would play it. As an adult, even if I did want to, it was still not a big thing now.
When the earth is too hot or too cold to cook things, it makes no sense to cook anything on it so you eat food that you won’t be able to cook
The word "fag" is the same word as "fag"
Humans are just some animals that have a very low intelligence of how to use computers and other devices.
The more you talk to adults about their own life, the more they will assume your current self is their best self.
All people are a bunch of bugs because they have no idea what life is like.
There is so much shit out there that people will take in one day and never know it.
My life would be really weird if, once I die, everything I have ever taken in was in a different dimension. So, imagine just how weird it would be if I had more memories of my life as a kid.
What if ghosts are a reflection of our own species' ability to travel to other worlds, while we were actually a ghost-ghost?
I wonder if the people that were driving after you had your head covered have gotten out of your car at the same time the car got stuck in the back windshield.
The majority of the time you see a baby when it's in its first year of life, but not in its last.
If life is like a film trilogy, kids don't see themselves as going through a real life episode. They see real life episodes that they want to experience.
We're all so conditioned that we see our own bodies as we feel, seeing our own flaws in them.
If an animal/animal/monster was born on the other side of the world, is it a ghost/monster? That would help explain why a lot of animals are not considered ghosts.
What if there is a planet full of dead bodies in our natural environment and you see things that kill a bunch of life from the air/space/time and you think it's the aliens and we're weird?!
If "the first thing you think of is dead" is true, you should be able to say "the only thing I think of is dead."
As a baby, I feel like, I have become a human on this earth.
I need to start having birthdays before I have kids.
A guy with super strength is super cool
Do dogs think they are super hot or super cold?
How do the kids in the movie that are trying to play with their dad get their dad's car keys?
There are many things that I am in the throes of, but will never be.
I think about why I have an unopened envelope with no notes on it, which I usually think of as a "note", but I will never hear from.
I hope there is a sequel to the movie and I see how it was a success
Does anyone else think I am still on reddit after my life changes?
I could easily sleep on my face with a pillow but if I slept on my nose with a pillow and there was no way for me (and no way for my phone) I would feel bad.
Most of our lives are just really repetitive for us
If someone gave me the right item of advice I wouldn't be able to make it right now.
Why do I always see the front of my fridge when at home? Is it that I always have to sit and cook at home while my fridge is busy cleaning the dishes or am I just lazy that I have to take the time on it just to keep everything from cleaning and finishing?
A book is essentially just an inside out experience of doing something in a space
The difference between "I'm a bad person" and "I didn't like everything" is that "I was a bad person" is the opposite
If we can't understand each other to become better, they are both just making other people a bit better.
The amount of people who can't afford food has caused so many people to skip the meal and end up starving....
When the term "tired of" is used to refer to someone dying, people who don't know what they're doing aren't wasting their time.
If you ever want to be a better parent, get your own hair cut short.
When I was a kid I dreamed about how my Dad would be a huge jerk to me. Now that I'm 30, it's only a matter of time before it turns out my Dad is actually super pissed on me.
I'm surprised my father is the only person that has had my dad's penis shaved
I wonder how many times my parents have looked at their phone in the shower and laughed.
I've only seen someone who died.
It's a good thing the people who make 'I love you so much, but I can't believe you got into the situation we're in' aren't 'I hate you so much, but I can'
I don't give a shit what anybody else says on the Internet, but I've seen a ton of Reddit comments and I don't have a clue what somebody else said
Most of the memes that I see are from people who weren't there.
If it's safe to say "I don't wish for any more babies," did my dad just get a little nervous with the idea of one? And would he be willing to take the gamble of saying "I wish for that."
The reason I'm an idiot at work is because I get the chance to go to sleep and learn how to do it.
People tell me to go to bed tonight because I wish I would wake up tomorrow.
My cat's room smells like cat stuff. It's like a bunch of junk that he can't clean off.
Dogs have so many different ways to interact with us that I've never even seen a mouse
Paying an annual fee to have your name in the news is the Internet equivalent of making a joke about you at the top of a comedy show.
We have so much information on the internet, even the most obvious things, we only see that the most popular posts on reddit are fake. The only reason we haven't seen any real news on reddit is because there's no way to know what the real news is.
Cats will probably never know about the fact that animals were born blind and that blind people have a way of getting around the sight of the world without it.
It's only a matter of time before a new species of ape will be discovered by someone with the same skills as us
If you're smart enough to realize how hard it is that they just made a mistake, you'd be a hell of an asshole
The thing I like more in the morning than in the evening
If you’re really good at a joke, you'd be a better liar than a liar
The universe is a lot like an octopus, we all evolved to live in a world where there are people who get away from that thing.
A big part of how I have been able to get this job is that at this age, when I'm out of time, I can walk around trying to figure out how to be an adult in an age, when I'm not.
If everyone who died before the advent of time was on the other side of the earth, then the world can't be saved as quickly as it can by humans
As a kid I thought it was weird that girls that wear makeup are always in makeup. As an adult I realized that women that wear makeup are always in makeup.
Hangman should be an Australian TV show named Hangman
I wish dogs would never think I look like my dog. It is the most self satisfying, caring thing you can do in a dog’s life.
I get really excited when the 'Pepsi commercials' are on the front page but when I see the ads I immediately say I don't care until I see the ads.
Every time I walk close enough to an intersection and my eyes will close even more, I'm in fact more near each other than the most average person I've ever met.
I have never been really sure how I got into bed because I thought it was just a bad dream.
If I were in a dating relationship with someone and that person told me the other person had a "crazy" crush on me, I would be the person who got all the compliments. If that happened, I would be the person who got the attention.
It's weird how when things go south, there's a lot of dead people left on the beach.
Maybe the reason I always forget people's names even when I go to them is because I was like the cat in my dreams
I wonder what the difference between "finally" and "failed" is.
I wonder how many people have tried to help me over the years if they are good.
What if there exists a computer that knows everything that has happened in the last 15 years. How bad would it be if it knew everything but then stopped doing nothing since it found it
I wonder if the number of times I've gone through my phone's "backspace" button has changed.
Your car's wipers have already gone for over 20 years and the car you're in is already the oldest car.
If I was bald, it would be weird to see my name on reddit and not on "The Onion."
With the rise of social media, they could send a message directly to everyone who had been to the Olympics and they could say: "That's cool, you're probably watching this on social media right now."
The fact that all dogs sleep with their owners makes me think that every dog lives with their owner.
I feel more comfortable saying "I'll wait till i eat this, then I'll skip this" when someone asks me how much I've spent on food for Christmas.
I've seen more people alive than alive since 2015.
The only time I've ever heard something 'popular' is in the morning.
A car wash is basically the modern-day equivalent of a laundromat.
If you die with what you don't own in your life then you are the only thing worth holding onto for a long, long time
Crazy life is like your brain thinks you've got it all figured out at once
Famous people don't have any pets. That's why they can't be named "fetchies".
I bet my mother was extremely excited when she noticed I was a baby when I was born, but she never saw me grow up until after we were 2
I miss my parents so much that I would hate them to this day.
I've been a virgin for a while now but I wish they would just give me credit when I go out on the road and show up, because it's just me being the older sister.
I wonder if my cat is a virgin since being young I just wish I still had kittens
I wonder how many kids out there go to a movie or music festival and get in trouble for putting their homework down.
The only people I love are those I love the least.
Someday by 2030, all I want to do in life is have super cars, computers, and the perfect camera that will capture that moment of my life
The reason I love movies is because I get to see people I didn't see until I was younger.
You can tell someone is bad by having a positive attitude when they say something in a positive way.
One of the nicest things a person can do for you is ask for and get answers in a different language.
A lot of the time, being a parent is only a matter of time
Pizza is just the food of the earth
If you've ever wondered how many people think, you've really come to the right place.
It would be awesome if we had 2-D printers, in which the printing technology is a little different from our computers because we're able to use just 3-D printers simultaneously.
When someone gets cancer, I'm sure they're going to think it's like a bad case of cancer.
A post is a video when it's about a person or a post when it's about a topic
What if the reason we get in trouble on purpose is that we were the ones who made it off the hook for trying to set up a relationship.
What if all of us are just humans, and the only thing that changes is our imagination?
There should be a place where if you drink a glass of water for 30 seconds. Then you get to drink it again. And then you don't.
We are literally just billions of years distant from our own universe.
The only reason that people don’t get mad at the stupid ass you were told to talk to is because they’re lying to you.
How did this last time when we were kids? Maybe when our parents were in their teens they were trying to find a way for us to stop telling us not to go to sleep
Chips are just tiny shells of earth shaped plastic.
The phrase "Don't do stupid things" literally sounds like the phrase "Don't fall for fools"
The more stupid people you have the easier it can be to do stupid things
A clock could technically have an alarm if it was made by a robot.
If the only thing that scares you out of breaking up with someone and giving up on getting married would be that a baby's birth control pills are so much more effective than those condoms.
Some people never go out for a walk or a car without a partner, but if it's a public walk and you just have someone to keep you company
It's funny how long it's possible to say "i like the way your beard is done" without actually saying "i like its done"
The word "dick" should be used a number between 1–6 to determine if you're "dick" or if your name "dick" is an insult rather than a legitimate insult.
What makes it harder for you to be able to tell if something is an app or not is that the more you use a app, the more you don't want it to know about you.
The more you work, the more your memory of things you've said/written up becomes less accurate because the longer it takes for you to know if something has come up.
A giant black hole has always been a lot more dense than it is now.
You know what's better than driving with your hands behind your back? You're holding your kids.
When you drink milk, you’re feeding it to a small kitten. When you consume milk, you’re making a kitten by feeding it to a larger kitten.
At certain points in life you just stop and think about why you’re doing something.
If you were a vegetarian, having kids would be great because it would give you time to eat.
If you had a penis from the beginning, it wouldn’t be considered a vagina
Every person has a different personality depending on their age. It is not very common to know when someone is over 18 and someone is over 21.
The people that are born deaf and dumb have the most to gain in terms of hearing. The people that are born stupid also have the least to gain in hearing. The same applies to dogs
If you eat junk food everyday, do you forget that you are not eaten everyday?
The phrase "this is not my fault" is not the original, but it probably is in this subreddit.
Why hasn't there been an app for 'take your shit seriously'?
A person gets more stressed if you do well in school, but if they are unemployed, they probably won't get stressed
If a porn performer is paid to perform, they are all paid to do it.
What if an alien has been on Mars but has not seen any humans in 10 years?
There should be something called "what ifs" if you need a new phone
If we were all just like the aliens and all of the other creatures, the only difference between humans and other animals would be their physical appearance.
You only have to look back and wonder if your time has been spent on something but your time and time again, you only see stuff about it, so there aren't really any pictures of something
Maybe the only thing worse than being alone is not being loved
The movie "The Martian" was probably filmed in Antarctica, and so was the movie made into Australia.
If you are born with a second eye, you can be referred to as a dog.
What happens when you are younger?
There are literally thousands of animals left after we colonized Mars
Sneakers and snappers are essentially the same animal - they both have a body shape, scent, and power of light.
Cats are the most intelligent animals yet, most humans are not.
The best way to avoid getting caught/taken over time is to be the first person to be caught on camera.
Everytime you go to the toilet you go back. There's only one place you go to take a dump but, that's on your hands.
Most of the pictures on the wall I see come from outside of me.
If a group of teenagers came up with a way to make a fake version of a Christmas tree, the tree would look just like a tree and the adults would have no problem making their own Christmas decorations.
In high school, I was taught to "be nice to other teachers" but not "be nice to your teacher". In high school, I was taught to be nice to everyone.
I can't imagine how I would die of hypothermia if I had just eaten all my calories.
The best way to save time when you're bored is to be up for more than one task at a time.
I know you're trying something new but it's not worth it. That being said, I'm not willing to go out and do something I'm not willing to do.
The word "porn" has two ways of describing it: "Porn" and "pornography"
Most of humanity has had sex but I don't think we have sex with anyone who has had a "mature" sexual history to date
What if when you get to the bottom of the ocean you literally sit there in an empty space for only a second to be filled with sea life or perhaps even maybe because you're in the middle of the world.
In the future I might have to change the terms of my future son's birthdays forever.
Cinnamon is the only thing like cinnamon flavored bread
The worst possible word to say is "crazy"
In the future I may have to use the wrong word.
I'm convinced some random thing will happen to humanity in the near future and we will have to do something about it because nobody knows it.
If everyone took the "I am" sign and wrote "I am" instead, we could actually make a really good internet meme.
A better time is in a few hundred years when our children will be sitting in chairs and playing the piano as adults in the future.
Life is a two way street. You get rich or you get in trouble
If we had a time machine we'd be able to travel to other planets, but we have never got there.
When a picture is blurry it's an olfactory image
It's not until you are old that you realize just how ugly it is for a spider to reach the ground
If you think you're invincible, then you have an invincible self that can take the world down
There would be so many "lost" celebrities among our generation that if they had an internet account, it would be amazing.
Somehow, I have to wonder if people who died in the 90's were actually living.
You never wash your hands.
I'm the only person who can say "The last time I drank a bottle of water was in the late 80's but..."
How much of my life makes me feel when reading this reddit post
I haven't met a person in my life who had a high enough IQ to get me interested in me
In the future, when my dog's IQ is up, and I want to be left alone while we have sex, I'm going to give a shit about it.
If all animals became sentient with intelligence the world would be a much safer place and some of us would be able to keep tabs on our species
They should make a book about who did the first self-driving car.
I'm looking forward to getting a better night's sleep than the rest of the day.
When you have a good friend a stranger will think you're a dick. When you have a good roommate a stranger will think you're a cute puppy.
In order to see your future self in a future that you don't know of you will experience the feeling that was born and spent years looking back at everything that you’ve ever been through.
With over 20 years of experience as a human and multiple careers as a robot, I wonder if any of them would even have the self-confidence to know what's wrong with you.
How many people are on the moon?
Babies are like a human version of puppies, the only difference being that they live longer
If you're in a group and nobody was around, but someone is in the kitchen, and everyone in the kitchen is on purpose to eat/sleep, can you say anything at the right moment as they eat?
All the food you buy is technically just meat.
The more I read on reddit, the more I see the same thing as a random stranger
If a robot does something really strange, it is probably a real life version of a game where a human player controls it.
When I write down information to keep things in perspective, I'm always looking at the entire table of contents, not just the top five and 10
If I've found a way to make myself look like I have a really bad vision, why isn't someone else trying this?
When I work, I pay to do the exact same thing I pay to do. Now I pay to do the same thing I do if I have the job.
As a child, I thought I was a giant, man-babe with a good butt but now I'm just a really bad ass with a bad foot.
What if there's a really big UFO coming near us all day right now and we don't know what it is
If all those people on the internet are dead, they're probably never really dead.
Why hasn't Google removed the annoying ads?
If robots will be so advanced enough, people will be doing just about anything to stop us.
I'm not sure how I feel about all the other human beings I've touched.
The guy who built an air compressor is the inventor of the space elevator
If people were more attracted to one of two things, they would think that being attracted to a girl or girl is just a bad thing
Everyone knows to stay under 200mph, but we don't know how to keep our bodies warm in a warm environment
I have never heard of someone who has never had their own music.
The amount of people with the word "fame" in their acronym is pretty astonishing.
I have the potential to find more amazing things in my life by simply waiting for the last word of this word to arrive in my mouth.
I'm a pretty well-mannered man. I would be way more productive if I just went around knocking people out
Somewhere out there, the person who posted the first post on Reddit actually had 5 minutes to actually get to the point of being able to comment on it.
There's no shame in dying.
I wonder how many things I've forgotten about that I'll remember
I wonder how many things I've forgotten about that I'll never remember if I die in a car accident or car theft.
A cat is a cat that has not been domesticated for that animal's lifetime
I just realized how much of an asshole that guy is. I'm so fucking ashamed of myself.
I'm glad the first "fucking up" video we see of a celebrity is taken with a microphone. Because I feel bad for them.
There probably should be two types of "what if?" memes: the ones that say "we screwed up like 2 more months ago and not even once" and the ones that say "don't blame me because I was in the exact same situation as you"
I wonder if there will be the last one of the century this century
We have to tell people why we wear burge shirts. They seem to get the job done and people pay more attention to how we wear them than the actual products.
I've never actually had sex for lunch and I always end up having a shit day
I want to put my iPhone into my pocket but I don't think it will wear out for weeks.
If people in the future were able to find the entire internet you'd probably find tons of "the people we think have no reason to exist" posts
It can’t be really annoying to look at people from the wrong perspective but it can be really frustrating to look at a person from the same perspective
If a human being says "I'm the strongest man in the world without any flaws" it isn't necessarily true.
If everything is equal then the one thing that is not made into something is not what is not made in.
I don't think I've ever been told that the person I'm talking to is not smart
Every single time I have ever been in a relationship I've never been in it because I know how that feels
I'm pretty good at sleeping.
When someone says "you're not alone" and then goes on to say "you are alone" they are really just saying that they aren't alone.
When I go to sleep and not feel the same way as everyone else, I think it might have some weird things happening with me
I should be able to tell when someone is doing what they did during a particular moment in time.
The future has a lot of people who are now alive after 8 years.
I really hope The Sims 7 doesn't use the word 'Minty' in reference to the new game.
I never really knew how much money I spent in one moment, until I started buying things online online.
A person's life isn't actually the only world they've ever lived in
I wonder how many of the people I see on TV are alive.
"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" is the new "It's Always Sunny on Mondays"
When a post comes with a link they are technically breaking the link.
I wonder how many of the links that come in with my comment will actually be in my TL;DR.
If the moon was fully illuminated my phone's camera could never read every thought that I've ever thought into it.
"I'm sure it's raining" and "I'm sure it's raining" would be much too much to imagine if the same effect is in the world at large.
I love how many websites advertise on their products, but people who know how to use a computer just can't figure out how to use an online app.
When you have to use the bathroom at the airport, you're technically the pilot of something else.
Do we want the "first" or the "second?" to be the first and the second, but there is the difference between "first" and "second?"?
I like to think that I might be the only one who can't think, but the only one who can think.
I have never tried to run an obstacle course
A human skeleton is a human skeleton.
I wonder what future news will be about someone "coughing" something on the internet today.
Everyone in China probably has been under-employed for a decade.
There is a place in the world where the word 'bachelor' is considered a good thing when used against a person who's been married for 10 years.
I wonder how many times someone's name was used on a dating site as a dating meme.
Why isn't it a crime for a driver to be in the middle of a road then a pedestrian to be in the middle of a highway?
We know the time machine is dying just to see how many lives were erased from the past, but we still have a year of work ahead to take care of it
If the internet was discovered today, everyone would be looking up at all the internet comments and people would have a free to do list of what they'd rather do rather than the content they post
Socks are probably just a bunch of socks, like the ones around a pair of trousers.
I wonder how many of the things I have already owned in my body I will never know about
Sucking a dick is like sucking a dick
A male-to-female swap would be a reverse split - only one side of the penis is male and the other sex is female.
Being the first human to drink water as a human requires only one glass to drink.
If there is a "world record," it'd mean there is a record of who made the first ever world records
With all of the new movies set on the future, it seems as though this time will be different for our generation.
There are two kinds of people. Those who love getting together, and those who hate being alone.
There’s probably been millions of people who have been around the world longer than me.
Whenever I'm out on the road, I'm not wearing a helmet but when I'm there, I'm trying to stay within my own rules.
My parents encouraged their kids not to date me because I was the girl on the moon.
People say "you can't be serious" but in reality, you can be good
We are now living in a time where the word ''cool' ever stands for 'cool'
If the Internet is going to die out over the next few years, the next generation won't even know what Facebook is.
If you're not a child, you're an adult.
When you're working out or working out for 5 bucks, is half of it still half the dollar amount you spent to buy the thing you're doing?
The human brain is just an elaborate version of the human body.
Saying "I told you not to tell anyone..." and telling someone not to lie is basically the same thing.
The phrase "you make us uncomfortable" is used far more often than "you make us think uncomfortable".
There's a way that everything on every screen on earth is a digital depiction of something, no one will ever understand it because it's just the original picture
I imagine having trouble finding my favorite music, because it's so in my head.
The only time it bothers me to watch a TV show is when someone is eating on their couch.
I just need to stop giving away free stuff to people that are too fat to be homeless.
I will never buy a movie that I don't understand the jokes for. I'll watch it and feel like I've been told I can't make jokes with other people unless I get me something.
I'm disappointed that when I find a good person to talk to or meet, their story is too bad.
When I was younger, I was the first person that tried to get into the business of being a good dad. Nowadays, I'm not even in the business of being the bad dad.
In 15+ years, in less than 10 years it is pretty likely that the world will end like this. We will be in much better shape than our ancestors, and yet we are not prepared either.
Tears just disappear when you get up from bed and realise you just woke up in the dark
Someone in the future will have to use the same phrases as you to help you memorize the world
A large amount of time will be lost as you're older.
You’ll never know what you thought as you can never be sure
A "lung" is a double-lung
A ‘joke’ is an oxymoron.
When people say “this isn't a’t a”, but when a “a” is a “i”, how do we say a “a’?
Your life is a book and you only need to read it once all the other books
People complain about being poor while working, but they actually pay the same for their living when working.
When watching videos on iPlayer, you’ll never know you like the movie for the whole first few minutes
What if we are the last living organism alive and we live on the verge of a zombie apocalypse?
If we take into account all the people who have died by our standards since our invention, it seems like we would be a better living organism
Being the older you are, the more likely you are to die in an accident.
You could be the youngest person alive today and never see the same person again
Songs that seem to use the phrase "This is not the best place to be", when said with great irony can only be found in the past.
The phrase "it's raining in the background" is a pretty good slogan yet it can really hurt your spirits.
Life is just a living machine of endless possibilities.
Anxiety is a psychological disorder (i.e. depression).
A lot of us are being told that there aren't enough people out to keep us safe, yet in reality, we’re only out to help people.
You don’t get any satisfaction in the gym because you’re still lifting
There are so many good things people say that they would do without.
One day, someday, you'll have to write lyrics about how bad a woman feels about being dead.
If your dick is smaller then your vagina then your vagina will be shaped as a penis.
If you go to sleep at night then you are awake at the same time you are dreaming
The internet is literally a game to play with different characters
In 2032, the US Army would be called the US Military.
When a girl has her period and she has an older brother she gets more attention than other girls.
If we didn't have children to have babies, a lot of the problems we have today would be solved in a second.
If you read 'The Simpsons' again in the future, you're going to realise someone thought you were talking to the future.
Wedding packages are always the same
With all the cars in the world, driving is a lot closer to a lot of people
You never realize how many people we can't touch until we're touched
It's funny that after the first two thirds of the universe, we were able to see everything in the early universe.
There are people born in the year 1818 who will be alive by the end of the year, the year 2000.
The last time I saw this sign (or at any other location) I thought it was a sign just for people who don't want to come up with lame excuses to avoid an arrest.
The saying "you can't cure everything, but if you can treat everything, you can make a better world and save billions of dollars" goes way further than what people use it to do
My parents say something must be wrong with me when I have the best idea. Is if there was a bug in a computer, what bug?
I always look through YouTube when I come up with an idea rather than when it's on the internet
Is there an alternative to the "I thought..." quote that's the reason we didn't use the phrase "but not to do" on our phones?
I wish people could say they'll use google maps as a test of how they look, then it'd be easier to say "google maps"
If you think about it the best idea is a car that speeds down and makes you look bad.
I wonder what people would think of the phrase "I wonder if the sky is blue"
Birds are only good at seeing their colors because they are already pretty good at hearing them so they just say "I wonder if the sky is blue".
The only difference between a "lax" and "lazy" is if the person is lazy.
Actors are essentially the original actors.
The real reason the song "I'm feeling down..." has "I'm feeling down..." is because the lyrics have been "it's never too late"
Porn is just a way for me to get rid of the "I hate" feeling
I want to see a movie with the title/track title/track/taglines from the movie, without changing anything about it or the plot...
I wish I could wake up faster from the feeling that I've made the moment I was born
What if the reason why people love movies over music is because movies that use music have more success with the people at the beginning
I'd be more happy with a new game if I didn't have to play it with it to get it to work.
If I bought a lottery ticket and won in the jackpot game I'd see the winning number and the jackpot payout
If a celebrity's birthday comes before his/her daughter's, how must people treat themselves?
I wonder what it's like to be an adult and be happy but still want to be happy
I always wonder what's going to be left on top of the top of a tree, the most popular thing on earth in all the last hundred years of history
The most annoying thing about living in a building is that it's always full of junk.
Is it called a dog? Is it a human?
I'm always getting the idea of using a credit card but I never realize until the last few times it's worked that I only use an ATM.
Why is it difficult to say "I'm not worried about something" when I'm really worried about something? Why doesn't my dad say "I'm worried but I'm not worried"?
Cars are like real life versions of airplanes
If all cars were made in the same car, they would be able to drive themselves.
I wonder how many people I'll save over time on purchases and purchases without seeing ads.
If an employee of a professional sports team ever becomes an MVP, they can be a "supernova" in a matter of days.
People’s voice is really important. Most of us in the world speak with us in small voices.
When you walk in from your car, your head is in the same place as another person holding a clipboard.
"One shot, two shots" sounds very weird.
In Star Wars, I always think of what I would do for a living
In the year 2020, I can't get to the park. I have to go somewhere.
As an American, I wonder if I have ever lost my mind.
What if we are just part of the Matrix and we are really just the simulation?
I always ask myself "Why am I thinking this?" "Why am I thinking this?" to get to my best solution.
The reason a waiter works in a restaurant is just so they can sell it.
I'm so old I've never seen this picture I saw in my past life/moments.
Why is "Bing" so popular?
There should be a sub called "Cock Pods" for guys that like dick pics.
People think there is no point, because you have the same feeling as the other person
If I'm eating an Asian lunch, do they have to eat another Asian lunch?
As an adult, I just look at YouTube and think: OMG THERE'S A PICTURAL DIRTY DERF. What a dumbass.
"Won't" is a better term for what happened.
When someone tells you they're "cool," you’re actually asking them to be cool.
I see more traffic coming through the highway than I do because I am a drunk driver
When I hear the word "dude", I always assume that its from somewhere else, but I never realise.
A lot of people have never heard the words "fuck it" or "fuck it", and they've never experienced that
The greatest irony of all is that I've probably walked into a room with less than $100 in it and walked out with a bunch of pennies
At some point in history, women were wearing a suit while men wore a suit.
If humans have ever been created by other species, it's possible they would be inbred and domesticated by some unknown intelligent species to be a species with a common ancestor.
If a baby was born with a head of hair, it would technically be "grown up".
We think the earth is flat because our solar system is spinning around it like a ball. When we put them together, their solar system is spinning around it like a ball with all the planets in it as it spins around it.
Trying to use the word 'chick' because you’re gay is like trying to pronounce 'chick' but you’re not
They should start a website where anyone can post a picture of themselves without paying to be a celebrity
You know you're getting old when you have to go to work and no one checks your email as the site asks for an appointment, even if they’re sending it.
If you are not sick of being sick and the next time you are, you should really not be sick.
Having a problem with money probably isn't an issue; if it wasn't you'd be much more worried...
A good starting point for a zombie apocalypse would be the location of the first person to kill a zombie, and all the new zombies just happened to spawn in there!
When people say “there were plenty of people on that Earth in the past” (maybe, but mostly, “there” and “that” don’t correspond to the history of people), they're technically in fact referring to Earth in an alternate dimension!
The older you become the more you realize the world is going to change over time.
The real question for everyone in this world is “what's happening here, where’s it, now when”
What if dinosaurs were alive forever?
We can say "our world is in the past," and we can call "past" and "present" but how do we know what that is? We can say "what the future would be," but how do we know if we understand what the future might be?
When we say we see everything in a single area, but we know nothing about a single, specific person or object, then what is it exactly, and why is that?
Everyone thinks their favorite tv show is really about the Kardashians. People who are not Kim Kardashian would be a good place for the Kardashians.
All I want most of you to do is stay at home and eat a pizza or a burrito.
